 In case you need to tell people how to reach you on the boat:  The ship's phone number is 323-208-910 or 920.  The fax is 323-208-924 or 911. These numbers must be preceded by the correct "Ocean Code." From 9/4 to 9/6 the full number to dial is 011-874-323-208-910 (using the Atlantic West code). From 9/7 to 9/9 it will be 011-871-323-208-910 (using the Atlantic East code). I'm told that if you dial the wrong code you'll get a recording telling you which code to use.  It is also possible to call person-to-person by calling the local operator and asking for the INMARSAT operator.  You will need to give the INMARSAT operator the name of the ship, the guest's name and the closest land position.  Apparently it will also be possible to send and receive e-mails but the procedure remains unclear.  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services (713)853-7459 
 I understand that you will have an Amel at the Ft. Lauderdale boat show next month.  Do I need an appointment to see the boat?  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services 1400 Smith Street - EB3892 Houston, Texas 77008 (713)853-7459 (713)646-3490 (fax) 
 Nobody won on Wednesday so the jackpot is up to $33 million.  I'll get us some tickets for tomorrow's drawing. 
 I just saw the reference to the Gala in the Oct. DW mini calendar.  Congrats!  I'm already looking forward to it.  PS  If you're around this weekend, it looks like great sailing weather!  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services 1400 Smith Street - EB3892 Houston, Texas 77008 (713)853-7459 (713)646-3490 (fax) 
 Thanks Sami.  It might be a good idea to try and get the ISDA team to spend a little time on non-financial commodities.  It's not clear from this summary that they intend to raise energy commodity derivatives as an issue or attempt to achieve parity of legal treatment with bank products.  Just so you know, we have run into this kind of blind spot from local participants (who are mostly banks and investment firms) before but the New York ISDA staff is usually willing to help us out. 
 Joel:  Thanks for your note back.  Unfortunately I don't get into town until quite late on Friday evening so Saturday and Sunday are the only days I can make it.  Do you know yet where you'll be located?  Mark 
 Congratulations to everyone on making it through Q3 more or less intact and a big thank-you to those who pulled us through with all your hard work.  Given the continued increase in the number and variety of transactions coming to us from the Global Finance and VPP teams, we are going to have to revise our staffing procedures and ask each of the lawyers in the group to take on some of this burden.  If any of you receive a request to handle one of these deals, please refer the requester to me or at least let me know so that we can equitably distribute the load.  Mary and Anne will be scheduling training sessions for the entire group during which they will go over some of the most common structures and the issues that they have faced recently to help us on our way.  As with all of our work, I expect that we will each be available to the others in the group to bounce ideas around and help with thorny issues.  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services 1400 Smith Street - EB3892 Houston, Texas 77008 (713)853-7459 (713)646-3490 (fax) 
 David,  Thanks for your note.  Glad to hear you and yours are well.  We docked in Southampton on Monday morning so I was already in our London office on Tuesday and just back from lunch when the news started coming through.  I was traveling with a couple of friends from NYC (Amanda McGovern, Noble Black's UVA classmate, and Linda Hayman, her mom and a friend of mine from my Skadden days) so it was rather tense for a while as we tried to find their friends but everyone came through pretty well.  Our return had been scheduled for Wednesday of that week so of course we were stranded in London but made it back Sunday.  Not that we were having much fun, but there were worse places to be stranded.  I felt bad for the QE2 passengers on their way from Southampton to NYC.  They would have gotten the news on their first day at sea and had to spend what should have been a pleasant cruise thinking about events and worrying.  I've heard good things from both Anne and Brad about your meeting here in Houston.  Thanks for getting into that.  It sounds like exactly what we needed.  I have been talking to Barbara and she will check with Frank concerning the letter.  I'll look forward to chatting sometime soon so I can hear what's been happening with you and how you are coping.  Hope it is all going as smoothly as possible.  Linda tells me that New York is a changed place -- nearly empty evenings and weekends.  Mark 
 OK by me. 
 Do you have time to work on this? 
 I'll be there.  Large/0413/105657 
 Thanks Suzanne.  I'll take care of it and give RBS a call tomorrow.  Mark 
 EOL67313 WELCOME! 
 Thanks Vela.  My office address is fine.  Just so you know ahead of time what some of my questions will be:  1.  I'm a little concerned about the safety of in-mast furling systems generally.  What happens if it jams in a blow? 2.  Are the heads both electric?  Will they operate manually if you lose power? 3.  The boat seems remarkably well equipped.  What sorts of additional items are usual to purchase before she's ready to cruise? 4.  How do U.S. owners deal with the voltage issues and electrical repairs and replacements? 5.  Finally, and I suppose of least importance, I'm not thrilled with the teak-look deck or the blue cabin sole.  Any hope of a manufacturing change?  Thanks again and I'm looking forward to seeing you in Ft. Lauderdale!  Mark 
 858 038 3198 4388 
 Thanks for taking this one. 
 Sara:  How much protection do the agreements give us?  I have always assumed that they were primarily for the benefit of the brokers.  Of course, in the U.S. they are probably required by the SEC and in a country where they are not required you have to wonder how well the brokers are being policed by regulators.  I guess it makes sense to at least contact local counsel to find out what protections there are for the customer and whether or not it would be reasonable to ask for something in writing.  I don't think we need written opinions of counsel.  It might also make sense to explain to the business folks that we think there is incrementally greater legal risk in using those arrangements and that while they may be permitted to use them they should keep activities to a minimum where there is a more secure alternative.  Sorry for rambling.  Mark 
 FYI  Looks like we may get free passes to the boat show! 
  October 2, 2001  Ms. Jane D. Doe XYZ Company 123 ABC Street Anytown, TX 77000   Dear ____________,  Your company's physical natural gas transactions with Enron are governed via by the General Terms and Conditions Agreement (GTC) for each product to which your company agreed by accepting the GTC's on via EnronOnline.  Theseis agreements areis being revised effective MM/DD/YY.  To ensure that the traders in your company can continue to transact the affectedphysical natural gas products via EnronOnline, we ask that you review and sign the enclosed revised agreement(s).  To assisthelp you in identifying  the revisions, we have also enclosed a copy of your current agreement with marked to show the revisionsed sections areas highlighted.  A brief summary of the more significant revisions you'll will  need to approve is as follows:  ?        Amendments due to the recent sale of Houston Pipe Line Company (HPL) by Enron.; ?        Deleting the intrastate warranties section due to the sale of HPL.; ?        Updating the publisher of Gas Daily to Platts; and ?        Updating the Securities Representations section to reflect final orders.;  Please return the signed agreement(s) in the envelope provided by MM/DD/YY to ensure uninterrupted transactions for natural gas products on EnronOnline. without interruption.  If you have any questions, please contact John Doe at (713) 853-xxxx.  Thank you. for your assistance.  Sincerely,    Lisa Lees Manager EnronOnline Operations 
 Frank Sayre will be working on this matter while Cheryl is on vacation. 
 Sara:  I also received a message form an AA person asking for rate/FX templates.  I know we are supposed to come up with a set of approved templates but we don't yet have a process in place.  I thought we had until next year sometime.  My guess is that the most current source is the work you did a couple of years ago on confirms.  Scary, hunh?  Mark 
 FYI 
 I hope it was ok to respond to this - because I did. 
 I'm afraid I have a conflict that day. 
 Sure. 
 I spoke with Jamie this morning and explained our concerns (which master to use, given the merger is there a legal need for novation, since these are NY law documents would assignment be more appropriate, what collateral is involved to be transferred) and have since received a message from their lawyer in New York.  If they insist on a novation (which is not a commonly used concept in US law), you could certainly help by letting us know if there is anything to which you would object in their draft. I'll let you know if it gets to that.  Otherwise I think we're under control.  Mark 
 Please arrange this for me. 
 I have taken a quick look at the schedules attached and unfortunately they are not standard ISDA schedules and are not in a form to which we can agree.  We can provide ISDA documentation to you tomorrow which would be satisfactory from a legal perspective but it will not be exactly the form attached to their e-mail.  We will also need Credit's approval and they rarely approve ISDA masters without any credit provisions.  There is an existing ISDA between ENA and an entity called Entergy-Koch Trading, LP which we would be able to use from our side but I don't know if that would work for them.  (It's existence might speed the negotiation process for an ISDA since we could pretty much duplicate its terms [except for credit and the additional provisions we require for regulated utilities] for Entergy.) 
 Since they are already trading physical stuff online, they are probably already approved to trade financials as well and the master will just mean they don't have to accept the GTC's to trade the derivatives.  Tana can check quickly and see what they are approved for. 
 Would there be any interest in using the Auction functions on EOL for this product instead of a product line?  There is a lot of flexibility in setting the rules -- reserve prices or not, sale commitment or not, timing, etc. -- and you would have the added benefit of finding out where customers were willing to transact if our price was too high for them.   I assume we are only showing one side of this market. 
 Can you help Bryant with this?  Mary and Sara are both out tomorrow, Brent is supposed to get the form for the Commodity Logic matters finished and Francisco can't really take anything new until Monday.  I don't think Anne and Barbara have enough ISDA experience to look at somebody else's paper quickly.  If you are swamped, maybe you can get this started (I doubt if they even have credit approval yet) and somebody else can take it over next week. 
 This wasn't on my calendar - were you aware? 
  This one has sound so be careful..... 
 I have forwarded these on to Chris Long (who will get back to me on Monday) and left a message for Ken to let him know I will send it on to him as soon as Chris signs off. 
 Any idea where this stands? 
 I have received my WorldCom calling card.  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services 1400 Smith Street - EB3892 Houston, Texas 77008 (713)853-7459 (713)646-3490 (fax) 
 I believe credit is trying to decide what to do considering the recent changes in the airlines' positions. 
 Both of you are listed in Lotus Notes on this one.  Not sure who has had most recent contact.  I someone working on a no-confirms agreement for Chase already? 
 Any comments to the letter?  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services 1400 Smith Street - EB3892 Houston, Texas 77008 (713)853-7459 (713)646-3490 (fax) 
 When: Friday, August 31, 2001 11:00 AM-12:00 PM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada). Where: EB3892  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* 
 It appears this was handled by the Calgary office.  Greg Johnston will give you a call. 
 That's what I'm hoping, but if not Barbara said she would work on it. 
 FYI 
 I'm not sure which version this is but you'll no doubt be revising anyway. 
 Anne Koehler is probably the best person to talk to.  She has indicated she will have some time in the morning. 
 We've actually completed this as far as I know -- negotiated the agreement and signed it last week. 
 How can I tell if someone outside Enron is still using an old address?  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services 1400 Smith Street - EB3892 Houston, Texas 77008 (713)853-7459 (713)646-3490 (fax) 
 Thanks Mark.  I'm not sure who Kim Humbarger is but the topic is at least familiar.  I'll get in touch with her. 
 That's a relief.  Thanks! 
 Thanks Dave - this is it. 
 Please remember to get your work report updates to me by the end of the day.  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services 1400 Smith Street - EB3892 Houston, Texas 77008 (713)853-7459 (713)646-3490 (fax) 
 yes 
 Do I have the receipts for these? 
 I have a friend who is an allergist but I'm not sure he's any good. If nobody else comes up with a suggestion I will be happy to give you his name. 
 OK by me. 
 To the extent you need my authorization or approval regarding the trading database, you've got it.  If you have any questions, Tana can probably help. 
 I have spoken with Ron Carletta at the CFTC and explained our position - that is that as far as we know the LJM entities have only engaged in exempt transactions and are not required to register as CPO's.  He has my name and number if he has any further questions.  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services 1400 Smith Street - EB3892 Houston, Texas 77008 (713)853-7459 (713)646-3490 (fax) 
 Marie - can you please check on this and let Richard know where we stand.  Thanks! 
 My flight doesn't get in until 10:30 or so on Friday night.  Not sure what we can still do for food at that hour.  Do people eat late in Ft. Lauderdale?  In case you're still looking for food ideas, I found these that looked interesting:   Bistro Mezzaluna Armadillo Cafe (Davie) Left Bank Hobo's Fish Joint (Coral Springs) Darrel & Olivers Cafe Maxx (Pompano Beach)  Not sure but I think the first two may be reasonably close to the airport, the next one in Fort Lauderdale but have no idea where the last two are.  All get good marks in Zagats.  Look them up at zagats.com and see what you think.  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services 1400 Smith Street - EB3892 Houston, Texas 77008 (713)853-7459 (713)646-3490 (fax) 
 I definitely think Mark's is a best bet if we can get in on Saturday.  Lunch will probably depend on where we are - is there some place on the water near the boat show that takes lunch reservations?  Maybe we can go to the boat show early and finish up in time for lunch.  Unless you'd rather do something else on Sat. and go to the boat show Sunday -- any good Sunday brunch places? 
   Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services (713)853-7459 
 I was going through some old e-mails and found this one - is this something you have already handled? 
 Hi George.  I'm sorry I didn't get back to you sooner.  I was just going through some old e-mails and found this one that had somehow slipped through without being read.  I'm living in Houston these days.  I was actually in London on 9/11.  My flight back (scheduled for Wednesday that week) was cancelled and I finally made it back on that Sunday.  I'm sure there were much worse places to be stranded but it wasn't a lot of fun being away from home then.  I was traveling with a couple of good friends from NYC and it was pretty tense trying to track down their friends in Manhattan.  Mark K. is in NYC.  I have heard from him and he and his family are fine.  I think his company is now called American Century and he is still managing international mutual funds.  I was in Monmouth last weekend for homecoming.  Dahlquist, McGehee, McCabe, Perschke, Vance and Ehrenhart were there.  Ehrenhart actually has a son who is a freshman at Monmouth and has joined ZBT.  Hope you guys are doing well.  Mark 
 I agree with Susan that for non-EOL trades concluded by our traders in NYC and Houston that the ENA ISDA should be used.  Ms. Zivic had called me yesterday asking similar questions and that is the answer I gave her (subject to approval by the tax people). 
 I am surprised that the tax people would be ok with the suggested EOL fix.  My understanding was that if the assignment to ENA from ECTRIC happens automatically, that is equivalent -- for tax purposes -- to the UK trader binding ENA and results in bad tax consequences. 
 Since I have to attend the Enron Net Works staff meetings Thursdays at noon, might it be possible to pick a different day? 
 Are you still taking care of the Portland guys?  Do you have time to look at this? 
 As long as this remains an internal only document, I do not have any problems with it. 
 Let's get together with Sara and Mary to discuss how we should move forward with the forms. 
 I don't see why not. 
 Please see me before responding to Alan.  Thanks,  Mark 
 This is a swap confirm.  Do you have an option? 
 Our derivatives trading documentation does not generally contain a change of ownership default or termination trigger.  Such provisions are included in all of our master agreements between Enron affiliates and may have been negotiated into a relatively small number of third-party agreements.  A merger by ENA or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of ENA might be a trigger but the analysis is more complex. 
 I got another one. 
 Thanks for forwarding all the e-mails while I was out last week.  I found this one in my in-box when I got back this morning.  Is it yours? 
 And another..... 
 Please check your records and make sure your e-mails intended for me are addressed to the correct Mark Taylor.  There are two of us here at Enron and the other Mark is getting some of your EOL approvals e-mails. 
 Stacey,  Mark H. and I met this afternoon to discuss the December conference agenda and have the following suggestions:  1.  Review of California Energy Litigation -- (Mark H. would be good for this one.  If he can't make it, we can probably find a substitute.) 2.  German Energy Markets 3.  Convergence of Commodity Trading Forms  There were also a couple of topics included on the Houston agenda this year that might also be appropriate:  Christophe's panel discussion on new markets E-commerce panel  I have also copied several of the lawyers in our London office who are active in the derivatives and commodity trading world to solicit their suggestions for appropriate topics to be added to the agenda. 
 The single greatest improvement you could possibly make would be to allow the making of reservations for reward travel. 
 approved 
 Julia sent me a copy of your memo following up on one of the questions asked at the session earlier this week.  I would like to ask a follow-up question:  Do we lose the benefit of the special treatment under the bankruptcy code when we enter into cross-product (i.e. physical and financial products) netting and joint credit support arrangements.  If we agree with a counterparty to net all of our trading exposures under multiple agreements (swap agreements and gas, power, steel, coal, etc. trading agreements) to determine how much credit support should be posted and then only ask for a single LC that supports the whole shebang, do we lose this protection since arguably we are no longer just "under a swap agreement?" 
 I spoke with Joe Collins (see below) this morning.  They are definitely thinking about the Commodity Exchange Act implications.  They don't know exactly who the customers will be or what products will be offered but have several ideas concerning how to avoid the CEA pitfalls -- maybe even including seeking no-action relief from the CFTC.  I gave him your name as someone he might hear from in the future concerning the transaction. 
 8778552081@pagenetmessage.net 
 As per my call. 
 I've got three undeveloped rolls of film in my car that I keep meaning to get developed but always forget until I'm not in the car.  I'll get around to it one of these days.  My address is:  1322 Rutland St. Houston, TX  77008  (713)863-7190 
 Peter -  We have thought about this from time to time.  Our primary concern has not = been the strict adherence to the contractual notice requirements (because o= f the lack of substantive concern you mention) but the fear of possible wai= ver of rights that might take place if the requests are not consistent or h= andled carefully.  These are all issues that apply to trading margin calls = generally.  Most recently Carol St. Clair, who Mark H. has asked to be the = point lawyer for Credit and credit issues, has been working on this problem= . =20  Mark 
 Here are my pitiful attempts at photos from the trip: 
 There would have been more of these if I could just learn to keep my fingers out from in front of the lens...... 
 Can you help them with this? 
 Thanks for the note.  I suggest you check with the airline or on the internet if you have access (www.trip.com has a great flight tracker that shows more than the airlines tell you) before you leave for the airport.  Since I'll have to check luggage, you can pretty safely assume it'll be 20 - 30 min. after the plane lands before I can hope to be at the curb.  Mark 
 Let's discuss this. 
 Can you coordinate with Holly? 
 Veronica - The a/c people didn't make it Saturday because off the flooding.  They called yesterday to reschedule and will be there this coming Saturday morning sometime after 8:00.  Let me know if you won't be around so I can let them in.  Mark 
 Thanks for your note.  You're lucky with the computer -- I also have road runner service but mine has been out for several days. Good luck with your clean-up! 
 Please follow up on this for me - I shouldn't have to approve things for Martha since she's not in our group. 
 I will be out of the office until September 13.  I can be reached as follows:  Saturday, 9/1 through Tuesday, 9/4 in New York My cell phone (713)206-8080 or leave a message here at x37459  Tuesday evening, 9/4 through Sunday, 9/9 I will be at sea From 9/4 to 9/6 the full number to dial is 011-874-323-208-910 From 9/7 to 9/9 it will be 011-871-323-208-910 In either case substitute 924 for the last three digits for faxes  Monday, 9/10 and Tuesday, 9/11 in London Hotel - 44 (207)491-7282 (phone) 44 (207)491-7281 (fax) Cell phone 44 7881 512 535 Office - check with Tracy Foy (Mark Evans's assistant) on 44 (207)783-7374 or leave a message on my voice mail here  On Wednesday, 9/12 I will be traveling back to the U.S.  If you have any difficulty reaching me, please contact my assistant, Holly Keiser at (713)345-7893.   Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services (713)853-7459 
 Thanks for your note.  Do you have a lot of people missing in action this morning?  In addition to Brent (no surprise there) I'm missing Susan (again, no real surprise - they weren't even flooded but the roof leaked) and Sara (who was out of town and couldn't get a flight back until this morning. 
 Can you access this website?  (article re: Broadband)  http://home.enron.com/pubs/enronbiz/2000/vol5/1_5_0.html 
   February/March 2001 Issue  Enron Unveils Storage Trades Enron Broadb= and has completed a series of deals in the data storage market, commoditisi= ng this fast-growing area for the first time. It acted as a market maker, p= urchasing storage capacity from StorageNetworks - which was then sold on to= Best Buy, a retailer of electronics products. Crucially, both contracts we= re based on Enron's standard contract and included firm delivery with liqui= dated damages.  In the last few years the storage market has moved from bei= ng a self-managed and owned business to one where storage is served up from= a standard metro network. Enron's involvement will be bring flexibility of= contract offering and imbedded optionality, according to Ravi Thuraisingha= m, a senior trader at Enron. "When we sell the product to the customer we r= emain in the market to buy the capacity back should they wish to unwind the= ir position later. That is unprecedented," says Thuraisingham.   The storag= e market has historically been more flexible and more committed to firm del= ivery than the bandwidth market, but these trades mark a significant develo= pment. Rather than dated damages the storage market has tended to favour di= scounts on future purchases. "There is a premium in the price for firm deli= very," says Thuraisingham.  He says that a number of other market participa= nts are eager to commit to Enron as a market maker. In addition, equipment = vendors are excited by the possibilities of the market. "most storage equip= ment at the moment is supplied to the enterprise market. This development o= pens up the wholesale storage capacity market," says Thuraisingham.   =09 
   Broadband Networking News  Mark Holmes 03/27/2001  Enron Hits Back Q= uickly After Blockbuster Failure Houston-based energy and communications co= nglomerate Enron's Enron Broadband Services unit signed a deal with Electro= nics Boutique earlier this month to deliver video games on demand in a bid = to boost content offerings to its broadband customers as part of its entert= ain-on-demand (EOD) service.  Under the terms of the March 19 deal, Electro= nics Boutique subsidiary EBWorld.com will stream leading games for rental t= o Enron 's broadband customers. The deal is a positive development for Enro= n after the collapse of a deal with Blockbuster, which the companies announ= ced March 9, that would have given Enron exclusive rights to deliver movies= for a video-on-demand service.   "The exclusive relationship has not yield= ed the quantity and quality of movies needed to drive demand for this excit= ing new on-demand service," explains Kenneth D. Rice, president and CEO of = Enron Broadband Services.  "The Blockbuster announcement was disappointing,= but I do think the technology and systems to be able to do that are virtua= lly complete," notes James Yannello, a utilities equity analyst at UBS Warb= urg. "I do think they will be able to potentially a deliver a variety of it= ems to end-users. I would guess they need to do some more deals, driving tr= affic on [to] their systems. I think they can bounce back pretty quickly fr= om the Blockbuster deal. I think the blow was more psychological and I woul= d suggest it was used as an excuse for some others to lower some very aggre= ssive price targets on the company, which is what they did."  The failure o= f the Blockbuster deal was a blow for the company as the exclusive 20-year = agreement could have given Enron significant upside in the content delivery= business.   "I don't see Blockbuster as being a broadband killer for Enron= ," Bob Christensen, a utilities equity analyst at First Albany Corp., tell= s Broadband Networking News. "I think they will probably [get] one or two a= nchor tenants before the year is out. I am optimistic."  The deal with Elec= tronics Boutique and the failure of the deal with Blockbuster emphasize the= importance Enron is placing on securing content for its broadband network.= Yet its main revenues from the telecom arena will continue to be derived f= rom its bandwidth intermediation business, which uses pooling points to pro= vide the physical interconnectivity between bandwidth buyers and sellers, a= llowing users to provide bandwidth on demand. This is Enron 's core telecom= business.  The content deals, while important, are not being factored into= most analysts' forecasts on the company.   "I am confident that the conten= t delivery business will be successful," says Ray Niles, a utilities equity= analyst at Salomon Smith Barney. "The fact of the matter is they did get a= nother deal. It was not as large as the Blockbuster deal, but they did get = another one in there. We are not putting numbers in our model and our earni= ngs forecast for content delivery. Whether it is very successful or not ver= y successful, in our forecasts, we are not assuming any particular forecast= for the content delivery business. I think bandwidth intermediation is the= ir competitive advantage."  "The reality is that no one had any earnings (f= rom Blockbuster) in the company projections for several years at best," Yan= nello adds. "It was a big name and was portrayed to be the killer app. It i= s disappointing, but I do think they will be able to bounce back with other= deals. I also think in an early sense this gaming announcement is probably= the tip of the iceberg of what they will be able to bring in."  Enron, whi= ch produced revenues of over $101 billion in 2000 from its various business= es, is still rated highly by analysts, despite the failure of the Blockbust= er deal.   "We have a $100 target price and a 'strong buy' rating," Yannell= o says. "That assumes roughly $75 of value for their energy business and $2= 5 of value for their broadband services division. I think given what has ha= ppened in the broader market in the telecom arena, and given that the Block= buster deal has falling apart, I think we be will waiting a while before we= expand that $25 telecom valuation."   =09 
 He told me, but I think it's still supposed to be under wraps. 
 Thanks for your note.  I came through pretty much OK but my garage was flooded and my house turned into a little island there for a few hours. 
 My comments below. 
 OK by me. 
 I think I am probably the right person.  Glad to help. 
 This looks good to me. 
 You probably already have this but just in case..... 
 Approved 
 Approved 
 Approved 
 Now that we have all migrated to Outlook, please be sure to give everyone in the group access to view your calendar.  You will need to grant permissions to all group members both in the "Outlook Today" box at the top of your folders list and in the "Calendar" box.  1.  Right click on "Outlook Today" at the top of the folders list (if your folders list is not visible, click on "View" and then "Folder List") 2.  Left click on "Properties" at the bottom of the list that pops up 3.  Left  click on the "Permissions" tab 4.  Add all of the swap group members as "Reviewers" to give them read access  Repeat the above process but starting on the "Calendar" line of your folders list.  Once everyone has done this, we will all be able to access each other's calendars by using the File Open menu. 
 Chris - any chance you can show what the specific changes are? 
 I got your message and the e-mail.  I'll be happy to go pick them up.  Once I have them I'll let you know and we can arrange for you to get them. 
 Is there a call-in number for this meeting?  (I'll be in NYC.) 
 FYI 
 It really was unbelievable.  Our neighborhood usually doesn't have too much= trouble but the velocity of the rain (at one point they say it was 6" per = hour) was so high that it just couldn't drain away that fast.  The water go= t so high that it was several inches high in the garage (not high enough to= get in the car), covered the pool and completely surrounded the house.  It= looks like it covered the porch and got right up to the top of the slab si= nce some of the floor boards are starting to warp, but not as high as the d= oor sills since none actually came in.  Just one more inch and I'd be in bi= g trouble.  Luckily I slept through the whole thing - if I'd been awake I w= ould have totally freaked and started carrying rugs & furniture to the seco= nd floor -- a lot of trouble and anxiety for nothing since it never did com= e inside.  The garage apt. tenant parks on the street and her car had water= inside and it wouldn't start without being jumped.  I got home about midni= ght the night it happened and it was raining but the street was clear -- no= standing water anywhere.  By the time I got up in the morning it was all g= one.  Interstate 10 where it goes near our place (say from downtown out to the lo= op) looked like a river - the water filled the entire thing all the way up = to the bottoms of the overpass bridges!  I didn't see it myself but I hear = that 59 was the same way where it dips down between Montrose and Shepherd. = You missed a big one! 
 (i) It constitutes an "eligible contract participant" as such term is defined in the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended 7 U.S.C. ?1a(12) and (ii) it constitutes an "eligible commercial entity" as such term is defined in the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended 7 U.S.C. ?1a(11). 
   1 - NOT a bulkhead 2 - Prefer an aisle 3 - if it is a 2 - 2 - 2 configuration, prefer one of the center two seats 
 Just wanted to let you know that I plan on attending the June 25 meeting along with Jonathan Marsh and perhaps one or two others from Enron. 
 I have your travelers Checks.  Are you mobile yet? 
 I have to agree.  It sounds like a fundamental lack of consideration situation.  If we are the buyer and actually believe there is value here, we should be willing to pay SOME kind of premium, even if it is fairly small. 
 I'm happy to take a look at the proposed language and coordinate with the lawyers in London and Singapore.  The difficulty in making the Long Description language the same around the world is that the underlying GTC's are necessarily different because they are governed by different laws.  We'll see what we can do. 
 Hope you had a good vacation.  Thanks for forwarding all of my mail.  Now that I've been migrated to Outlook it may actually get worse instead of better.  My assistant is trying to see if there isn't something the IT people can do. 
 FYI 
 While I am out next week, you can call on the following lawyers if you need assistance:  EnronOnline generally (including "enhanced limit orders") - Barbara Gray (x36832) Private e-marketplaces - Anne Koehler (x33488) Commodity Logic and hub issues - Mark Greenberg (x58897)  Tana Jones (x33399) may also be able to answer some questions, particularly relating to EnronOnline counterparty approvals, and is pretty good at tracking down the appropriate lawyer if you can't.  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services (713)853-7459 
 I have inserted my changes below. 
 I have left a lengthy voicemail for you with my comments -- the comments aren't that lengthy, just the voicemail.  Please call if you have any questions:  713-853-7459 - office 713-863-7190 - home 713-206-8080 - cell  or page me at 1-877-855-2081 
 Louise Kitchen has asked to be included and receive copies of our answers. 
 I'm still concerned about the terms "price" and "quotation."  My understanding was that "Worldscale" is not a number denominated in a currency but rather a percentage number which can be used with reference to a currency denominated figure to calculate a price.  That is what it looks like in the Baltic Exchange Limited publication.  I haven't seen the IITRA publication so can't comment on how their quotations are denominated.  The problem is that in the first paragraph of the long description, the Floating Price is defined to be the Index.  Therefore the Index must be a currency denominated number.  That is why in the US version I used the average of the prices "calculated using the Worldscale Assessments."  Do I have this all wrong? 
 I would very much like to get some time with each of these people while I'm there.  I have already arranged some time with Jonathan Marsh on Monday morning since he knows a lot about the ISDA meeting that afternoon.  I would prefer, if possible, to have some time with each of Paul Simons and Justin Boyd before the rest of the crew so that I can hear a bit about them before I actually sit down with them.  Don't worry if that's not possible.  I'd also like to get some time with each of Edmund Cooper, Mark Elliott, Mark Evans, Robert Quick and Marcus Von Bock.  Mark Evans would be best towards the end of the stay - maybe lunch on Wed.? 
 If you really think you'll need to get in touch while I'm overseas you can try my international cell phone #  44-7881-512-535 which is a London phone number but works throughout Europe and North America.  And of course when all else fails you can always try to page me at (877)855-2081 or send an e-mail to my pager at 8778552081@pagenetmessage.net.  But the bottom line is that there is a large percentage of the time that I'm just plain unreachable since I turn them all off and let the machines do the answering -- which may not impress Joe but in my book is even more impressive than having lots of numbers. 
 Regarding the need for the RMT confirms, I have always thought this was really a tax issue and that for audit purposes they were needed.  If that is not the case, I don't object to doing away with them altogether.  We have approved doing away with confirms for EOL trades on a counterparty by counterparty basis.  We haven't actually gotten there with anyone yet, having just started the actual discussions this week.  Our plan was to negotiate an written agreement with each affected counterparty to amend the master agreements where appropriate.  Initially we are only working on physical power, physical natural gas and derivatives transactions (other than weather).  The idea is that a lawyer from each affected group would be involved to insure that all of the bases are properly covered.  This will obviously be a very time-consuming and laborious process.  The initial list of 10 or 15 counterparties to approach was selected by the back office people.  Our conclusion that this was even possible was based only on Texas and New York law analysis.  If any Canadian deals are at issue, we will need to get you involved both for the analysis and the negotiations.  Hope this is helpful.  Let me know if it makes sense to you.  Mark  P.S. -- Please be careful when sending e-mails to me.  There are two Mark Taylors and we're hard to tell apart.  The other guy has his middle initial ("A") in some of the lists and sometimes there is a globe next to his name, but not mine.  My name usually has my phone number next to it.  We're trying to get the IT people to do something to better distinguish us. 
 We agreed from a legal perspective and sent the language along to the EOL people to make sure that it works on the system.  I haven't heard back. 
 Dale -  I know you are getting frustrated with the delay on counterparty approvals.  We have asked Stephanie Panus, one of the other paralegals in the group, to get started on this process and hope that that will speed things along.  Tana is in the process of showing her the ropes and I am hopeful that they will make significant progress by the end of the week.  Mark 
 Yes, I was working with Justin Boyd and Ian Brungs in the legal dept. I think they sent the revisions to Arfan. 
 Since we are not an FCM or an IB, I think we can let this one go. 
 looks fine to me 
 Rats - I thought I had picked a day when we were all going to be here - your day off was not listed on my group calendar.  Sorry! 
 Thanks Chris.  I've taken a quick look at these and my reaction is (1) as to the definitions of specified transaction, we will probably not want to sign on to the expansive provision as an end-user, but it may make sense from the dealers' perspective and (2) we have needed exactly what is being proposed regarding the calculation of termination payments for some time and I view this as a major step forward.  Bottom line, I don't think we will be advocating the MFA position. 
 Kelly:  Thanks for getting back to me with your analysis.  Here's what I've done:  Not sure what the situation is with the Lead Expediter (95%) position -- the phone line of the manager for that one doesn't seem to be working and an e-mail to him was returned as undeliverable -- even though his name was in the company e-mail address book.  But he's in the same department as one of the jobs below (Sr. Purchasing Agent I think), and this position is a more junior slot, so you probably want to be considered for the more senior position first anyway.  The Senior Project Manager (80-90%) and Senior Purchasing Agent (80%) slots are still open.  I talked briefly to the managers listed on the postings and have forwarded your resume to them for consideration.  I have no feel for the timing on the Proj. Mgr. position and in fact the manager was a bit brusque, but the guy on the Purch. Agent job said the timing was great since he's taking a stack of resumes home with him this weekend to review.  I've left voice-mail messages concerning the Construction Engineer (90%) and Process/Mechanical Engineer II (80%) positions and will forward your resume if they are still looking.  On the others, it might make sense to go ahead and go through the application process on the website.  Particularly for the one that says not to contact them directly -- there's no pointing in making them mad before they even see your resume!  I'll keep you posted on the others.  If there are no answers to my voicemails by the middle to end of next week, you might want to submit for those on the website, too.  At least then you know your resume is in the hopper.  Mark 
 I will not be able to attend. 
 We discussed the process of doing away with the confirmations for EnronOnline transactions in our last group meeting.  It looks like the most equitable way to staff these is to rotate them among the lawyers like we rotate masters among the paralegals.  No one should end up with more than two or three of them that way.  Janet Moore is taking a first cut using the form and adding the power-specific provisions and then sending them on to the gas group.  The gas group will then forward them to me for us to include any derivatives-specific provisions. 
 We should talk about this when you have a minute. 
 Requirements for Electronic Trading Facilities for Exempt Commodities  Transactions must be principal to principal (no brokers)  Parties must be Eligible Commercial Entities Same as Eligible Contract Participants ($10 mil. total assets or $1 mil. net worth) except: Must: have demonstrable ability to make or take delivery of the underlying commodity, or incur risks, in addition to price risk, related to the commodity, or be a dealer May not be a(n): investment company commodity pool employee benefit plan individual  The facility must: Register with the CFTC giving: Name, address, person to receive notices Commodity categories to be traded Certifications that: Executives meet certain qualifications The facility will comply with exemption conditions The facility will notify the CFTC of any changes in information provided Identity of any clearing organizations to be used Give the CFTC access to trading protocols and electronic access to the system Provide reports to the CFTC regarding executed transactions as requested by the CFTC Maintain records of all transactions and participants for 5 years and give the CFTC access to the records Publicly disseminate price, trading volume and other trading data as required by the CFTC On special request, deliver to the CFTC such other information as it may request  Transactions on such facilities are subject to the anti-fraud and anti-market manipulation jurisdiction of the CFTC 
 This is fine with me.  In the past, Dave wanted to see all of the ETA and PA amendments that we negotiated with EnronOnline users.  I take it these should go to you now.  If it comes to you from me, Leslie Hansen or Mark Greenberg, you can assume that Legal has signed off and it is just coming to you for final approval.  Let us know if you no longer want to receive these. 
 Could one of you please take a look at the red-lined language in the attachment and let me know if it is ok to approve it.  Thanks! 
 I'm coming to New York this weekend and will be there until Tuesday.  Any chance we could get together for a drink while I'm in town?  Mark 
 FYI 
 Thanks -- I agree. 
 I have the pager with me but don't know if it's working.  Would you mind sending a test message?  Did you set up a lunch for me for tomorrow with David Mitchell?  It isn't on my calendar - or at least not the calendar I can access from the road.  Hope you had a good weekend!  Mark 
 Everyone I've talked to was thoroughly impressed.  I'd be happy to proceed but did get an e-mail from Cheryl on Friday indicating she wanted to talk about it...not sure yet what that means.  I'm out of town today and tomorrow - if you have time to stop by Cheryl's office & ask, that might help.  My only concern with Kim at all is that she probably can't start until September.  Probably worth the wait though. 
 This is a test e-mail page. 
 Here is the list of the counterparties they want to put these agreements in place with and the lawyers that have been assigned to them.  As you can see there are a number that have yet to be assigned.  Would you please pass these out equitably among yourself, Frank, Mary and Francisco -- particularly those in town next week who will have a chance to move them forward.  Kim Theriot is very anxious that we make headway on these.  The counterparties marked with an asterisk are the most urgent.  I will forward the docs I have received from Stacy and Janet as separate e-mails.  Thanks!  Mark    Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services (713)853-7459 
 I will be happy to attend. 
 I'm afraid I will have to be on the phone for this one. 
 Using your numbers: 1.  No.  We won't do that until we think we have to. 2.  Not entirely, they have to meet certain more restrictive tests depending on how they are organized (i.e. how sophisticated are the investors).  A fund group like Fidelity that allows my Mom to invest has to have $1,000,000,000 in assets.  A true hedge fund that limits its investors to those meeting certain sophistication requirements only needs $100,000,000 in total assets. 3. Yes 4. Only if we become "regulated."  Currently we still maintain that we are a one-to-many site and are not yet subject to these rules. 
 David -  Apologies for my silence.  I need to check with Mark H. and make sure he is still on board but I think it is a good idea and would suggest we try and schedule something for early September.  Mark 
 FYI 
 No problem. 
 This looks ok to me but I thought I should run it by you first.  Any objections? 
 As per my voice mail. 
 FYI - I will stick my head in today. 
 I have tentatively booked us on the QE2 sailing from Southampton at 5pm on August 29, arriving New York at 7:30am on September 4.  You and Amanda have a Caronia class cabin at $2045.32 per person, including air from New York to London (with a business class upgrade on Continental).  I have a single in the same class (so we eat in the same restaurant).  My plan would be to fly over on Sunday evening - the 26th - since I have to be in Ohio that morning.  With that in mind I have also booked jr. suites for us at "41" the all-inclusive London hotel near Buckingham Palace that I've mentioned to you before.  They are at 275 GBP per night (2 nights).  Of course, if you guys wanted to go earlier to spend more time in London, I am sure that would be possible.  The difficulty is that Amanda has indicated an interest in staying in Europe longer - certainly understandable.  Her preference would be to go over on the boat leaving NY on September 5, arriving in Southampton Sept. 10 and then stay in Europe for a few weeks.  That doesn't work quite as well for me because I only have 6 vacation days left and on that routing I get one less day in London - i.e. we get off the boat on Monday morning and I have to fly back Tuesday morning.  On the other hand, we wouldn't be jet lagged on arrival in London!  They will hold the reservation until tomorrow.  What's your preference?  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services (713)853-7459 
 looks good to me - do I need to approve this in the system? 
 Let's go ahead and make her an offer to start as soon as she can - that may not be until September but if she can make it sooner that would be great. 
 Here is the first of the no more confirms agreements.  Can you please handle this one?  Even though it came to me over two weeks ago I didn't realize this was ready for us until the back office and EOL people called asking for it (entirely my fault) so there is a certain urgency to it.  I also have counterparties for Francisco, Sara and Frank to get started on, but I thought you would be better for the urgent one since you have the most experience with these issues. 
  Here is the Aquilla no-more-confirms agreement. 
 Have we been officially sanctioned by the LME?  If so, please send me a copy of any official statements of sanction. Depending on exactly what they say, we may have to report the situation to other exchanges here and possibly the CFTC.  Thanks!  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services (713)853-7459 
 Here is the no-more-confirms document I mentioned. 
  here it is 
 Here is the first of the no-more-confirms agreements.  Power and Gas have already made their changes to the form so now it's our turn.  Sara, Mary and Francisco also have counterparties they are working on. 
 Here is the first of the no-more-confirms agreement.  Power and Gas have already made their changes so now it's our turn.  Sara, Brent and Mary also have counterparties they are working on. 
 When: Monday, July 23, 2001 2:00 PM-3:00 PM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada). Where: EB2126  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* 
 FYI 
  FYI 
 Thanks for the offer, but I can't get away that early without taking vacation time.  At this point my flight gets in at 8:36 p.m.  I'm afraid Amanda's friends will be disappointed.  The two-step, a polka or maybe a C&W line dance is more in the Texas line; they'd be disappointed there as well but their expectations might be slightly more reasonable. 
 I asked for a return date for you of September 12 which is the day I'm coming back.  But since I will be going to Houston and you will be going to NYC we won't be traveling together anyway.  Would you rather stay an extra day or two? 
 Will you guys be around the first weekend in August?  I have to be in nyc the 1st & 2nd on business - thought I'd check and see what you were up to.  Mark  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services (713)853-7459 
 Here are my comments: 
 Better check with Stacy to make sure they are done with this one. 
 Your reservations went through on the card you wanted.  I asked for 9/12 as your return date and 9/26 as Amanda's.  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services (713)853-7459 
 Veronica,  The lease automatically converts to a month-to-month lease at the beginning of August at the same rent.  That means that from then on either one of us can cancel with 30 days notice to the other if they want to.  That's ok with me if it works for you.  Mark 
 Let's plan on it.  My only question is whether I'll be able to come on Friday eve. or have to wait until Sat. a.m.  Do you have plans that would make one day better than the other?  I have a 4:00 flight back to Houston on Sunday afternoon and will be able to get a rent car at the Newark airport so you won't have to worry about transport for me. 
 Tom Gros and the Commodity Logic team will be presenting a demo tomorrow of the various modules which go live in the next week or so.  The demos are scheduled for 1:30 to 2:30 and 3:00 to 4:00 tomorrow afternoon in EB5C2.  Please feel free to attend one of the sessions if you are interested.  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services (713)853-7459 
 I already have a meeting scheduled at 11 on Monday. 
  If this doesn't work, I can just send you the three whole presentations.  Let me know.  Mark 
 Unfortunately, it's each one comes from a different presentation -- here are all three: Slide 3 Slide 9 Value Proposition Slide 31 
 Here is the language for the risk control slide.  Sorry I can't send it to you as a slide but what they sent me was actually 31 slides that Ken and I've distilled down to one.   Enron Risk Assessment and Control (RAC)  Market Risk Management Policy approved by Board of Directors Trading Limits Value at Risk daily reports -- stress testing Application of Extreme Value Theory  Credit Risk Management Counterparty credit exposure aggregation and management Counterparty Value at Risk models  Segregation of Duties; Independence of RAC optimizes focus on risk identification and performance measurement 
 I marked my comments on the document and left it in your office. 
 Barbara and I will both be out of the office next Thursday.  Can you attend the Net Works staff meeting for me and fill me in on what happens?  Thanks!  Mark  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services (713)853-7459 
 Here is the Doug Leach/Russell Dyk e-mail. 
 Do I assume correctly that dinner is at home in NJ rather than at home in NY?  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services (713)853-7459 
 What should we do about keeping track of names, phone numbers etc. for me?  Is it time to start with one of the programs now available? 
 ISDA's interview is on Wednesday afternoon.  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services (713)853-7459 
 How did it go? 
 Our agreements with EnronOnline customers prohibit us from sharing their names with third parties (i.e. non-Enron companies).  We can use our customer lists ourselves for marketing our products, but can not give the lists to anyone else.  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services (713)853-7459 
  FYI 
 We do know which companies use the system.  I don't know if that information is stored in a searchable format but there is definitely a customer database that has profiles stored for each customer and determines what they have access to on the system.  My guess is that the only way to answer the question is for someone to sit down with the list of all customers and try and figure out which ones are utilities -- a less than perfect process but one that would give you a ballpark number. 
 Had a great weekend and looking forward to next time.  Hope you made it back to town ok.  I had no problems but I think you should just assume that from the Newark airport it's at least 2.5 hours, probably a bit more.  The Avis lady didn't bat an eye; of course I stood towards the back of the car so she wasn't really looking at the front and there was a big line forming behind me so she was in a hurry.  Did the kids get away even close to on time?  Thanks again!  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services (713)853-7459 
 I'll let you guys decide who takes first crack at this one. 
 A spoon is a good start.  I think it's good as a cake frosting, as a filling between a couple of cookies, maybe spread on toast or even dissolved in coffee?  In Buenos Aires I remember it coming in a tiny little jar at breakfast along with the marmalade and honey -- goodness knows what they put it on. 
 Sure - just send me the numbers -- or maybe a website or two.  We run the risk that when you show up it's a crappy boat but then we'll know better the next time. 
   Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services (713)853-7459   <Embedded Microsoft PowerPoint Slide> 
 Sorry for the delay.  I will be out of town most of this week but could set up a time to talk on the phone if that works for you either Thursday afternoon or Friday morning.  Otherwise, how about Monday August 6 at 10:00, 2:00 or 3:00? 
 Sorry for the delay -- these look fine to me. 
 Can you add yourself to my rolodex? 
 This came from the EOL info web site as it is.  Maybe the PowerPoint experts can go there to get a better version? 
 Do you know anything about this? 
 Joel --  I've taken a quick look at these and think that they are really more in the physical trading line than derivatives.  I'm trying to figure out who the physical metals trading lawyer is to take a look at them for you. 
 I've checked with Alan and I think Mike R. is probably the right guy all the way around. 
 Here's another which Janet hasn't seen yet. 
 I didn't see your name in any of these e-mails.  Do you get involved in Trade Commission issues? 
 E-ticket is ok. 
 Monday afternoon is much better for me. 
 Is this something you are still handling? 
  kpmg   Turning Knowledge into Value for the benefit of its Clients, People and Communities    Charles A. Fishkin    Advisory Services Practice    Capital Markets, Risk Management, Treasury Risk    PHONE        212. 954.6211  FAX                212.954. 7250  E-MAIL        cfishkin@kpmg.com <mailto:cfishkin@kpmg.com>     KPMG LLP 757 Third Ave. New York New York 10017    Helping Organizations and Individuals achieve their objectives in the New Economy through measuring performance, managing risks and leveraging knowledge 
  Notwithstanding the provisions of the Electronic Trading Agreement or the product descriptions on the EnronOnline web site (the "Web Site"), all financial derivative transactions entered into by El Paso on the Web Site which are listed by either Enron North America Corp. ("ENA") or Enron Canada Corp. will be deemed to be entered into between El Paso and ENA and will be governed by the ISDA Master agreement dated _______________ between El Paso and ENA.    Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services (713)853-7459 
 Here are the forms for the paralegals.  I didn't have Marie on my list since she was with EBS reviewed her for the first half of the year.   Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services (713)853-7459 
 The project for converting our Lotus Notes database to Oracle is now underway.  The technical people need a list of the upgrades we want as soon as possible.  Tana will be stopping by within the next few days to solicit your input.  Please give this some thought now so that you can be ready with suggestions for her.  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services (713)853-7459 
 Thanks for a great weekend.  Don's family was a lot of fun and what an incredible guest list for lunch!  I wish I could have been better company.  Love,  Mark 
 I was looking through my e-mails for these and couldn't find them.  Have you guys already started these?  I may have misplaced them.  Please coordinate with Sara since I will be out next week.  Thanks!  Mark  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services (713)853-7459 
   Please call me: (713)853-7459 
 Hi Justin -- I'm afraid I don't really know what this is all about.  It sounds like it might be something the tax people should be doing.  Can you fill me in? 
 I think it would be a good idea if you would print these out when you get them and bring them in at some point so we can go over them. 
 Oops.  Sorry, I'll bring them by. 
 That's fine with me - I've booked it.  Just let me know if you need to change the time. 
 Janette -- would you please revise Mark's group list to delete Mark A Taylo= r and add me as Mark E Taylor?  Thanks! 
 Wow -- you must really get in early!  Thanks for forwarding these things.  = I've asked Janette to revise her distribution list.  Mark 
 I think Holly talked the e-mail gods into making the change a month or so a= go.  The other Mark T. and I have gotten each other's e-mails for a long ti= me but the switch to Outlook exacerbated the problem because we were totall= y indistinguishable in that system's address book.  It's gotten a lot bette= r since the revised names were put in. 
 Yes, that makes sense to me. 
 Please print these out for me and put them in the Commodity Logic file. 
 Good catch!  I was thinking that Thanksgiving was the 29th -- oops.  I'll get a revised quote.  Any ideas for who wants to go?  This particular boat has three cabins and heads.  If we have another person (Jim?) or couple (the Johns?) we would get along with for a week it would be fun and less expensive.  And if there are even more, we could get a larger boat with four cabins.  We just need to know sooner rather than later to get the boat reserved. 
 Kay -- please revise your distribution list to remove Mark A Taylor and add me as Mark E Taylor.  Thanks! 
 Brad Richter and Jay Webb are now in charge at EnronOnline.  Brad is responsible for the commercial side of things and Jay handles operations. 
 Andy is still at Enron.  He's working on the gas trading desk. 
 Attached is a three page summary of our retail swaps interview in New York prepared by the CFTC.  Please take a quick look at it and let me know if you have any comments.  Mark 
 I was under the impression that no confirmations were sent by e-mail. All of our derivatives transactions are confirmed by fax and the vast majority of physical commodity transactions are as well.  There are a very few which are not confirmed at all but I don't know of any that involve e-mail. 
 test message w/e  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services (713)853-7459 
 test w/out e  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services (713)853-7459 
 using mataylo1  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services (713)853-7459 
 Sorry for any confusion. You can use either mark.taylor or mark.e.taylor@enron.com for my e-mails.  mtaylor@enron.com actually belongs to a colleague named Mitch Taylor so I don't know how it got to williard.com -- or where all those messages you've been sending ended up!  All very confusing. 
 I hope this isn't too late.  If you need to reach me, I'm in the London office today and tomorrow.  I think the correct approach is to revise the functionality and add a line or two to the description of how limit orders work, an answer in the FAQ section, a line for the 'Failed Transaction' screen and a script for the help desk.  I'm thinking of something to the effect of:  Once a limit order has been placed by a counterparty, that counterparty will not be able to complete a transaction with Enron in that product on the other side of the market at the price specified in the limit order.  For example, if a counterparty enters a limit order to sell to Enron at price x, that counterparty may not buy from Enron at price x while the limit order is active.  Note that this needs to be done on a counterparty basis, not at the sub user level.  That needs to be clear from the language we use so I have avoided the chattier 'you' and used counterparty.  The 'Failed Transaction' screen could show the failure reason as:  'Your company has an active limit order in effect at the price at which you attempted to transact.  The limit order system does not allow you to transact with Enron on both sides of the market at the same price simultaneously.'  If you want to keep it short, the second sentence is optional as long as the necessary descriptive language appears somewhere on the web site.    Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services (713)853-7459 
 yes 
 I seem to remember that we talked about you doing Anne's review.  I hope it's not just wishful thinking.  Here is the form for her.    Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services (713)853-7459 
 I would like to attend. 
 Here are the quotes from the Moorings.  One is for a 464 which is about the size of boat we had last time but with 4 cabins and 2 heads (last time was 3 cabins, 3 heads which would be better for a smaller group but they're already booked).  The other is for a 505, a 50' boat with four main cabins, each with its own head, and a fifth smaller cabin in the forepeak.  If we have need for the fourth cabin, I'd be inclined to go with the larger boat.  I talked to Jim on Friday and he's thinking about it - wanted to check his calendar, etc.  Any idea how to get in touch with the Johns?  Other potential sailors to suggest?  Luck curtailing Jamie's guilt trip? 
 If you have not sent me a current project list within the last week, please do so no later than noon tomorrow using the attached format.    Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services (713)853-7459 
 This is the current incarnation of project offline.  They are trying to find customers who would like us to set up and operate a version of EOL for them.  I think Anne has been the point person for them.  It is not related to the back office deal. 
 Marie -- I'm afraid I don't have anything on physical bandwidth at all.  It might make sense to check with the lawyers in EBS -- I would suggest you start with Cynthia Harkness and Robbi Rossi. 
 1.  EnronOnline is not an exchange, it is a bilateral transaction system.  It differs from futures exchanges in many respects including the following:  (i)an Enron entity is a counterparty to every transaction concluded over the system; (ii) EnronOnline transactions are not cleared;  (iii) the transactions concluded on the system are forward contracts or derivatives, not futures; and (iv) access to EnronOnline is restricted to commercial entities, i.e. no retail transactions are concluded on EnronOnline.  3.  EnronOnline transactions are not cleared through any third party mechanism.  Enron evaluates the credit of its customers and determines how much credit exposure it is willing to take with respect to each of them. 
 For future reference, please do not send schedules like this to the entire group.  I'd rather these go out one by one. 
   Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services (713)853-7459   --------- Inline attachment follows --------- 
 Yes.  Louise was concerned that Dynegy was already doing this to manipulate a Canadian index to which we contribute daily volumes/prices. 
 Nothing on my calendar yet.  Andy Edison is setting it up and he knows to include you. 
 II made my pledge some time ago so am concerned to hear my name is on the list.  I'll try again. 
 Bob --  Here is our first draft of the pop-up box language.  Please circulate among the appropriate members of your group and let Barbara or me know if you have any comments.  Language for the revised Password Application will follow.     Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services (713)853-7459 
 I haven't sent out the language draft yet because of another concern I thought of as you were leaving:  the language as drafted doesn't allow us to give the names of these signers to potential third party posters.  Any thoughts?   Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services (713)853-7459 
 remove 
 Tana -- Please send the requested info to Jane.  Thanks!  Mark 
 I have tickets to the Astros game on Friday (tomorrow) eve.  Any interest?  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services (713)853-7459 
 It would probably be a good idea to involve the power traders in this as well since it is not just an EnronOnline issue.  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services (713)853-7459 
 We're almost there on the new PA language, just a little tweaking left to do.  I'm doing reviews all day today so won't be able to get it to you until Monday.  I agree with your comment on the Pop - up language - probably something to the effect of "Not at this time." 
 Are you guys working on this already? 
 I have found a couple of other people who are interested in going, but tonight is Ted's last night in town before moving to Ft. Lauderdale so if you're feeling up to it maybe we could get together for a drink after the game.  Just let me know. 
 Looks ok to me - please make sure it gets on the calendar. 
 Looks good to me 
 remove 
 I'll be getting into Newark on Saturday the first on Continental flight 206 at 2:21 p.m.  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services (713)853-7459 
 713-206-8080  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services (713)853-7459 
 Thanks - I have it.  Do you remember how I'm supposed to check for messages on it? 
 EnronOnline is pleased to announce that it will soon be making available to its users products posted by various non-Enron providers, initially natural gas transportation and storage products.  If your company is interested in this new EnronOnline feature, please click the "yes" box below as your company's authorization for giving potential product  providers your company's name as a prospective counterparty.    Not at this time  YES By authorized signatory 
 Any entity, whether or not an Enron entity, that posts its products on the Website will be a third party beneficiary of this Password Application and the ETA to the same extent as if it were an affiliate of EnronOnline, LLC.  Enron may give Counterparty's name to potential product  providers as a prospective counterparty. 
 Do you have a copy in a format I can revise? 
 Richard --  Has Credit done a review for AAA yet?  We will need their input before we can evaluate the form. 
 I'm in London today and tomorrow but plan to be in the office in Houston on Thursday.  Since it'll be my first day back after being out for over a week, it would probably be best to book some time to make sure you get me.  But if that doesn't work, try and stop by anyway. 
 Holly - Please print these out for me.  I need to mark them up and send back to Kal. 
 Are we sending drafts by e-mail?  I can imagine we probably are.  If so, let's run a test by sending a real draft to one of us internally to open and see if there is a metadata problem. 
 Create Limit Order Clicking Submit in the Create Limit Order panel creates an order that will remain in the EnronOnline system until the order is either filled at your specified price or expires after a specified time limit. If, during that time, the price you entered falls between the Enron's  Bid and Offer posted on EnronOnline, then EnronOnline [m1] will change [m2] its price to show a new market with a tighter spread that reflects your limit order the price at which you are willing to trade with us*.  You can cancel an existing limit order at any time before it is filled by highlighting the order in the Today's Orders screen and clicking Cancel.  *Multiple limit orders for the same price will be prioritized by the time of submission. Only limit orders that are between EnronOnline's Bid and Offer prices will create a new EnronOnline market on the Quotes screen.   _____  [m1]EnronOnline itself isn't trading so we need to be careful not to give that impression. [m2]This is the key! - we are changing our price, not showing their price. 
 I'm going to be up near Kingston on Labor Day weekend.  Just wondered if you were going to be open and if you rent sailboats by the hour, either bareboat or skippered.  Mark Taylor (713)853-7459 
 I have checked and "Counterparty" is a defined term in the PA.  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services (713)853-7459 
 Yes 
 Here is the next one 
 And another 
 As we discussed. 
 Fertilizers brochure - final text file 2001  [Cover]  FERTILIZERS  It's time to manage your price risk. Logo [Spread 1] Managing Price Risk For producers and consumers of ammonia and fertilizers, price volatility is an all-too-familiar cost of doing business. To compete effectively in your industry, you need a way to control the risk created by price volatility. Enron can help with financial price management tools that can smooth earnings, facilitate cash flow management, and bring greater certainty to financing, investment and acquisition decisions.  Helping Ammonia and Fertilizer Producers Improve their Business Few industries are more competitive or volatile than ammonia or fertilizers. From the very unstable pricing found in the markets for raw materials to the ebb and flow of market demand for finished products, producers can face enormous challenges in maintaining profit margins and cash flows. Now there's help. For many years, Enron has been helping producers like you neutralize the risk of price volatility both upstream and downstream, using financial price management tools we pioneered more than a decade ago for the energy industry. Because Enron is a major trader of many commodities around the world, we're intimately familiar with the risks you face and are uniquely positioned to help you mitigate them. Enron can also make it easier for you to trade the commodities you buy and sell, using EnronOnline, our Internet-based, global transaction system for commodities that allows you to view real-time prices and transact instantly online. EnronOnline posts bid and offer prices for over 1,500 global commodity products as well as complimentary weather, news and market information. In addition, it allows you to view full contractual terms and available volumes for products. [Spread 2] Finally, we can leverage, in your market, our position as the largest wholesaler of natural gas and electricity in North America. For example, we can structure cross-commodity transactions that link your electricity or natural gas bills to the price of the goods you produce. In this type of transaction, you would pay more for energy when your product prices are high when you can best afford it, and less when your product prices are low and your cash flows are constrained.  Helping Ammonia and Fertilizer Consumers Improve their Business  The ammonia and fertilizer markets that you depend upon are among the most volatile in the world. Yet your investors and lenders are demanding ever-greater stability in the growth of your company's revenues, earnings and cash-flow. For solutions to this apparent paradox, turn to Enron. As a leading provider of price management services across various industries, we can help you buy the commodities you need more efficiently, hedge the risks associated with their pricing, and, ultimately, lower your cost of capital. Take a few moments to review the alternatives listed here, then spend a few more moments with Enron. We'll review your risk exposure with you and suggest risk-reducing strategies for taking control of your commodity price exposure. [Spread 3]  SWAPS  Swaps are the most widely used price risk management tool for a variety of reasons, the most common being, no upfront transaction cost. Swaps give companies the ability to effectively switch from one price structure to another - from floating price to fixed or vice versa. They are used most often to fix, or lock in, prices and margins between prices. In exchange for price protection, the ability to capitalize on some beneficial price movements is sacrificed. The typical swap transaction involves the exchange of a fixed price for a variable price tied to an acceptable market index. Settlement is financial - i.e., cash changes hands; physical product does not. Each month during the life of the transaction, the difference between the two prices is calculated and payment is made to the appropriate party. [Spread 4]  Swap: Producer example  AmmoniaKing, a producer of ammonia, is interested in managing the margin between natural gas feedstock and ammonia during the next six months. The company is concerned that market conditions could deteriorate more than expected and squeeze margins to the point of jeopardizing the annual profit plan. To eliminate this threat, AmmoniaKing enters into a swap with Enron that locks in the spread between natural gas and ammonia at $100/ton on 300,000 tons of ammonia, or 75 percent of monthly production. This margin virtually ensures that the ammonia unit will meet its financial target. [chart 1]  DURING THE LIFE OF THE SWAP:  ?        AmmoniaKing continues to purchase natural gas from suppliers and sell ammonia to customers of its choice, at floating market prices. ?        On a monthly basis, AmmoniaKing and Enron exchange payments equal to the difference between the fixed spread of $100/ton and the prevailing floating price spread. ?        For example, if the floating spread is $95/ton in a given month, AmmoniaKing will receive $5/ton in a given month on 300,000 tons. However, if the floating spread is $105/ton AmmoniaKing will owe $5/ton to Enron. ?        AmmoniaKing has stabilized a portion of its operating margin with the swap, giving the company the ability to achieve a key performance target.  [Spread 5]  Swap: End-user example  FertPro, a manufacturer of a variety of fertilizer products, is preparing its annual price catalog for many of its ammonia-based products. The company's customer base demands the ability to buy the products at the listed catalog price regardless of ammonia feedstock prices. This makes it impossible for FertPro to pass on feedstock price increases no matter what the magnitude. On the other hand, customers don't necessarily expect lower prices if ammonia feedstock prices should fall; they simply want a listed price they can count on. To service its customers while protecting its margins, FertPro enters into a one-year price swap. The swap effectively fixes the price of ammonia at $100/ton on a monthly volume of 10,000 tons, or 75 percent of anticipated monthly catalog sales. [chart 2]  DURING THE LIFE OF THE SWAP:  ?        FertPro continues to purchase ammonia from suppliers of its choice at floating market prices. ?        On a monthly basis, FertPro and Enron exchange payments equal to the difference between the swap fixed price of $100/ton and the floating price for ammonia. ?        For example, if the floating price for ammonia is $105 in a given month, FertPro will receive $5/ton on 10,000 tons. However, if the floating price is $95/ton FertPro will owe $5/ton to Enron. ?        The net effect of combining the swap cash flows with actual purchases of ammonia feedstock is a fixed price of $100/ton. ?        The swap enables FertPro to publish and stand behind its listed prices with full confidence that the margin on those sales is largely protected from fluctuating feedstock prices.  [Spread 6]  CAPS & FLOORS  Like Swaps, Caps and Floors provide price protection, but they have the added advantage of providing benefit from favorable price movements. They are commonly thought of as price "insurance," i.e., for a premium you are entitled to full price protection when prices move through a specified level. A price Cap protects against rising prices without sacrificing the advantage of falling prices. Floors are the opposite of Caps; they guard against falling prices while preserving upside price potential. With a Cap or Floor, the full cost of the protection is predefined - it is equal to the premium paid for the Cap or Floor. There are no potential future costs related to price movements. [Spread 7]  Cap: End-User example  CropFood, a manufacturer of urea, wants to develop business with a prospect that has difficulty passing on price increases, but is expected to pass on decreases without delay. To distinguish itself from competitors, CropFood ensures the prospect that for the next 12 months, CropFood will never ask for a price increase above its very competitive product prices, no matter how high ammonia feedstock prices go. And to sweeten the deal, CropFood agrees to promptly pass on all feedstock price decreases as soon as they are announced, no questions asked. The prospect likes CropFood's straightforward pricing policy and agrees to purchase 1,000 tons of urea per month. In order to honor its pricing promise without putting the company's margins at risk to rising prices, CropFood purchases a one-year price cap on ammonia at $120/ton for 12,000 tons per month. The cost of the cap is $2/ton. [chart 3]  DURING THE LIFE OF THE CAP AGREEMENT:  ?        CropFood continues to buy ammonia from its regular suppliers at market prices. ?        Enron receives a $2/ton premium from CropFood for the $120/ton price cap. ?        If the market price for ammonia goes above $120/ton in a given month, Enron will pay the difference to CropFood. If prices are less than $120/ton, CropFood enjoys the lower market prices for its feedstock. ?        The effective cost of ammonia paid by CropFood is the floating market price up to a maximum of $120/ton plus the $2/ton premium paid for the cap. ?        CropFood has, for a known cost of $2/ton captured new business by meeting the customer's price needs without putting the company at risk to ammonia prices in the process.  [Spread 8]  Floor: Producer example  AmmoniaKing, a producer of ammonia, anticipates a plant turnaround starting in three months time and lasting for two months. The company intends to build extra ammonia inventory of 50,000 tons over the next three months to meet sales obligations during the two-month period the plant is taken off-line. There is concern that prices could soften over the two-month turnaround period, squeezing the margin on the excess inventory to be sold during that time. To protect against a sharp price reduction during the turnaround period, AmmoniaKing buys a two-month ammonia price floor today that becomes effective in three months time. The floor price is set at $145 and costs $3/ton. The total premium payable by AmmoniaKing is $150,000 (50,000 tons multiplied by $3/ton). [chart 4]   EACH MONTH DURING THE LIFE OF THE PRICE FLOOR:  ?        AmmoniaKing sells excess ammonia inventory to its customers at prevailing market (floating) prices. ?        Enron receives a $3/ton premium from AmmoniaKing for the $145/ton price floor. ?        If the floating price for ammonia is greater than the $145/ton floor price, there is no action under the floor contract. The effective price received by AmmoniaKing for its ammonia is the floating market price less the $3/ton premium. ?        If the floating price goes below the $145/ton floor price to $140/ton, for example, AmmoniaKing will receive the $5/ton difference from Enron. In this instance, AmmoniaKing effective price for ammonia is $142/ton - the $145/ton floor price less the $3/ton premium. ?        In summary, the price floor has established a minimum price of $145/ton with full upside potential at a known cost of $3/ton.  [Spread 9] Your sales, profits and cash flows are too important to be left to today's volatile market. Call us today to shield your income statement from price volatility. Working together, we can develop a alternative price protection plans so that you can choose one that makes sense for you and brings value to your organization. To begin exploring your options with Enron, call Doug Friedman, Director of Petrochemicals Risk Management Group, Marc Distefano, or Rob Krotee, at 713-853-5592.  [disclaimer] ?2001 Enron Corp. Enron and the Enron logo are registered trademarks and Endless possibilities and EnronOnline are trademarks of Enron Corp. or one of its subsidiaries. [back cover] Logo Endless possibilities.TM  1400 Smith St. Houston, TX 77002-7361 713-853-5592 
 Well deserved!  It's been fun watching the company recognize what we in legal have known all along.  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services (713)853-7459 phone (713)646-3490 fax 
 Here is one of the EOL - no-more-confirms amendments that the confirm desk is very anxious for us to get in place.  Brent, Mary and Francisco have each don one or two already so they may have some insights into how to massage the form.  The attached version has already been revised by the physical power and gas folks. 
 Here is the next no-more-confirms amendment.  I was hoping to wait until we had comments to the first set before working on these but the confirm desk is anxious that we move them forward. 
 I seem to remember that you have had some experience dealing with the Texaco folks so maybe it makes sense for you to handle this one. 
 FYI 
 I feel sorry for the people coming across the Atlantic this week.  One more reason to thank Amanda for switching our routing! 
 Credit may require additional terms for specific counterparties.    Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services (713)853-7459 
 Here is the Electronic Trading Agreement we discussed. 
 Sally still ahs not received the list.  Do you have it in a form you can e-mail to her?  - 
 Just to let you guys know... I'm working like an animal here but at least I'm still employed.  Every now and then I kinda wish I'd been one of those laid off last week instead of the one who had to tell people they were no longer employed but I don't have enough to retire on any more so I guess I still need the job!  Hope you guys are doing well.  Any plans for New Years? 
 Sorry Joe, I haven't seen this one.  Have you tried Elizabeth? 
 Has our draft letter gone to the CFTC?  I assume it already has, but unfortunately it turns out Vicki's comments were not in the version of the letter that I forwarded to you.  I have taken a look at them and am not sure they are critical but thought I'd better get them to you in case we send a revised letter down the road.    Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services 1400 Smith Street - EB3892 Houston, Texas 77008 (713)853-7459 (713)646-3490 (fax) 
 Here is the revised performance evaluation for Cheryl.    Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services 1400 Smith Street - EB3892 Houston, Texas 77008 (713)853-7459 (713)646-3490 (fax) 
 Please see the attached memo from Sullivan & Cromwell. 
 Here is the revised review (password - oberon).  I have meetings scheduled for the afternoon and am not sure I will be able to get out of them at any particular time.  Does it make sense to give her the review without me being there and meet later or not? 
 Thought you might find this interesting. 
 Are we getting this? 
 Can you take a look at this for the London office? 
 I may not be able to get there today - can we do the credit card by phone?  Since I bid on several items - can you tell me how much you need? 
 Is it possible to restrict delete ability?  We need to have a lot of people with write access but they don't all need to be able to delete entire records. 
   Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services 1400 Smith Street - EB3892 Houston, Texas 77008 (713)853-7459 (713)646-3490 (fax) 
 Yes, thanks! 
 Each of the parties to this Agreement recognizes and acknowledges that the = parties are acting and agreeing to perform their obligations hereunder in r= eliance upon (i) the timely execution and delivery by [legal name of other = counterparty] ("Third Party") and Party A of a transaction in substantially= the form attached hereto as Exhibit A ("Third Party Transaction A") and wo= uld not otherwise agree to execute, deliver and perform under this Agreemen= t if Third Party and Party A were not contemporaneously executing and deliv= ering Third Party Transaction A and (ii) the timely execution and delivery = by Third Party and Party B of a transaction in substantially the form attac= hed hereto as Exhibit B ("Third party Transaction B") and would not otherwi= se agree to execute, deliver and perform under this Agreement if Third Part= y and Party B were not contemporaneously executing and delivering Third par= ty Transaction B.  The effectiveness of this Agreement shall be subject to = the condition that contemporaneously with the execution and delivery of thi= s Agreement Party A and Third Party execute and deliver Third Party Transac= tion A and Party B and Third Party execute and deliver Third Party Transact= ion B. 
 Can you please give me a call to discuss travel plans?  I need to make some reservations today if at all possible.  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services 1400 Smith Street - EB3892 Houston, Texas 77008 (713)853-7459 (713)646-3490 (fax) 
 Please switch to Wednesday, Nov. 7 
 Just to let you know I'm in London at the office here - staying at a hotel called 47 Park \St. and OK.  If you need to reach me, dial 011 and then: Hotel - 44 (207)491-7282 (phone) 44 (207)491-7281 (fax) Cell phone 44 7881 512 535  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services (713)853-7459 
 =20 
 Thanks for the list.  Francisco Pinto Leite will look at these and get back to you. 
 Anne's been working too hard.  She meant Financial masters. 
 Any thoughts on how we provide legal support for Swapco?  Should that be covered by the Services Agreement?  Can lawyers who work for ENA represent Swapco without a conflict?  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services 1400 Smith Street - EB3892 Houston, Texas 77008 (713)853-7459 (713)646-3490 (fax) 
 Contact Stephen Douglas re: Bill Bradford deal.  Otherwise none. 
 Thanks. 
 If Man is not holding margin in violation of the Customer Agreement, it doesn't seem to me like we should send the letter. 
 Hi Kayalyn - Linda asked me to forward this - I'm at my company's office in London.  Am unable to call NYC from London - all lines busy.  I received your fax and it looks fine.  I don't understand the last sentence of section 6.3 because of the cross reference to section 10.3.  Please check the cross reference to section 10.3.  Thanks.  Linda  p.s. -- if you can get through you can reach me at: Hotel - 44 (207)491-7282 (phone) 44 (207)491-7281 (fax) Cell phone 44 7881 500 471  Hope everyone is ok - we are watching on CNN.   Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services (713)853-7459 
 I ma leaving for the evening but was hoping we might get together for a bit tomorrow some time to go over where things stand on Swapco and what needs to be done.  Can you leave a voice mail for me on 713-853-7459 letting me know what your schedule is like for tomorrow and when would work best for you? 
 Risk Management & Trading Corp., a Delaware corporation 
 I will not be able to attend. 
 Can Swapco buy an existing bank account from ENE, pay $5000 and sign a bank account sale document in the process?  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services 1400 Smith Street - EB3892 Houston, Texas 77008 (713)853-7459 (713)646-3490 (fax) 
 Add Christian Yoder and Carol St Clair to list. 
 Under normal circumstances we would not need an Enron Corp. resolution and in fact the Corporate Secretary and Treasury offices can handle moving the money around so we do not propose to do an Enron Corp. Board action unless you folks think it is absolutely necessary.  The other resolutions we can get in place easily.  I think Notre Dame agreement contains restrictions on what we can do with capital stock of subsidiaries after it is signed -- does that mean we need to issue the Golden Share today?  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services 1400 Smith Street - EB3892 Houston, Texas 77008 (713)853-7459 (713)646-3490 (fax) 
 I got your note and relayed it to Linda.  Our prayers are with you. 
   Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services 1400 Smith Street - EB3892 Houston, Texas 77008 (713)853-7459 (713)646-3490 (fax) 
 Under normal circumstances the Enron Treasury group would invest cash on deposit in something like overnight commercial paper obligations or something like that.  Can we let them do that with ERMT's money?  Would we need a written authorization to ENE to do that (we don't usually do that for other subsidiaries)?  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services 1400 Smith Street - EB3892 Houston, Texas 77008 (713)853-7459 (713)646-3490 (fax) 
 I'm not sure.  There was a comment by Sally Beck at the last meeting that she was trying to figure out which of her direct reports should be attending so maybe it has something to do with that.  I don't really know what changed though. 
 We have a few items to add in the Services Agmt. as services to be provided:  Risk assessment and control services including, without limitation, credit, underwriting and market risk analysis.  Risk management services including, without limitation, position and limit reporting and price curve validation.  Transaction confirmation, settlement, scheduling, dispatch and volume management.  Human resources support including, without limitation, payroll, compensation and benefits.  Public relations, legal, corporate records, and regulatory and government affairs.  Travel and aviation.   At the end of the current section 2.1(vi) please add "including, but not limited to, SAP."  Finally, we need to include Enron Corp. and Enron Net Works as parties providing services (e.g. Enron Corp. is where risk assessment is, Net Works has all of the IT).     Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services 1400 Smith Street - EB3892 Houston, Texas 77008 (713)853-7459 (713)646-3490 (fax) 
 Louise just wants global natural gas and power.  I think we should throw in "related products" just to be safe. 
 Can you take a quick look at this? 
 FYI 
 One more thing we need to consider is office space.  Can I just add that in as a "service"? 
 Thanks  Stuart, I'll add it in.  Two other questions -- should the performance of the services be delayed until requested at a later date (there isn't much need for it today) and what do we do about the fees? 
 I hope all of your loved ones and friends are OK.  I'm obviously not able to get back to Houston today as originally planned.  Continental has me booked on a flight on Sunday -- assuming they're back up to full schedule by then -- so I plan to be back in the office on Monday morning.  I will continue to work from the London office and you can reach me at 011-44-207-783-6468 at the office (but I can't get voicemail here) or on the cell phone 011-44-7881-512-535 (where I am able to check messages).  I will also be checking voicemail in Houston from time to time.  I know it's hard to think about work issues much less concentrate, but it seems to me we need to start thinking about market disruption issues right away.  The NYMEX is the obvious issue and we need to find out which counterparties have affected transactions (such as using average of the entire month of NYMEX prices) and then review the relevant documentation.  With any luck there won't be many.  We also need to be alert to other price sources that might fail to publish.  I'll be in touch.  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services (713)853-7459 
 Thanks - can you guys draft up the Schedule I on a cost-plus basis? 
 We have reservations at Damian's at 7:30.  DAMIEN'S 3011 Smith Street 713-522-0439  Directions fromt he Hobby area:  Take I-45 N toward downtown Exit number 45 SCOTT ST/ DOWNTOWN Keep LEFT on the ramp then go straight to go onto ST. JOSEPH PKWY. Turn LEFT onto SMITH ST. 10 or 11 blocks to just before the corner of Anita/Smith restuarant is on your left.    Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services 1400 Smith Street - EB3892 Houston, Texas 77008 (713)853-7459 (713)646-3490 (fax) (713)206-8080 (cell) 
 You can confirm that it is not regulated and send a copy of cert. of incorp. which Deb Korkmas should have if Tana doesn't 
 Louise and John have asked for execution copies of all the Swapco documents.  All I need for the Services Agreement is the Fee Schedule.  Any progress on the License?  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services 1400 Smith Street - EB3892 Houston, Texas 77008 (713)853-7459 (713)646-3490 (fax) 
 sure 
 I think he's asking the wrong question.  Can you help him out? 
 Would one of you please give me a call in my office.  I can't get through on Stuart's cell.  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services 1400 Smith Street - EB3892 Houston, Texas 77008 (713)853-7459 (713)646-3490 (fax) 
 These documents need to have the correct directors names added so they can be signed first thing in the morning. 
 Holly said you had been trying to reach me.  I've tried to call several times but still haven't been able to get through to you on the phone. I tired to send this yesterday but it may not have gotten through. 
 These are the good ones. 
 Just wanted to let you know that it doesn't look like I'll be able to make it to NY this weekend as previously planned.  I'll let you know if that changes.  Mark 
 Thanks David -- I appreciate that.  I'm thinking when this all calms down, I'll just take a couple of days off and come up to the city for fun -- not wait for a business trip.  I'll give you a ring if anything really interesting comes up. 
 Yes, we might as well get one. 
 John Lavorato, Mark Haedicke and Mike McConnell 
 That's what he goes by. 
 Thanks for the offer.  At this moment, looks like I'm not going to make it at all, much less tonight.  I'll let you know if that changes, I'm proceeding minute to minute here. 
 Thanks for your message.  Is there a number where I can call you?  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services 1400 Smith Street - EB3892 Houston, Texas 77008 (713)853-7459 (713)646-3490 (fax) 
 Thanks for your note.  We're hanging in there. 
 I can get the NETCO document signed but don't know anything about CGNN.  Who should I give that to? 
 I'm in London.  I had a 2 week vacation planned with Bill in Greece but he is unable to join me so I think we'll do that another time.  Are you in London?  Germany?  If so do you want company?  Call me at 020 7491 7282, suite 18 or 020 7881 500 471 or reply to this e-mail and Mark will get a message to me. 
 I honestly have never heard of either of those companies so don't know how to get them signed.  I expect these are part of other efforts where I am not on the "need to know" list.  If you know another Enron lawyer involved in those efforts I suggest you try them. 
 Net Works is not a marketing affiliate.  We can make changes if they want us to. 
 Thanks for the note -- not to worry about the music.  I didn't have the necessary plug-in to play it and it wouldn't have been too loud anyway.  Thanks for the thought.  It's been pretty rough but the merger announcement should calm things a bunch.  Mark 
 TEST  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services 1400 Smith Street - EB3892 Houston, Texas 77008 (713)853-7459 (713)646-3490 (fax) 
 Congrats on having your letter published.  I've always wondered -- do they edit the letters much? 
 TEST1  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services 1400 Smith Street - EB3892 Houston, Texas 77008 (713)853-7459 (713)646-3490 (fax) 
 Thanks for your note.  I've been thinking about you guys a lot, too.  I haven't been back to NYC since I left on the QE2 on 9/4.  Every time I heard about the conditions downtown I assumed you would be living in the country.  Sorry to hear you had to spend so much time in a hotel.  I know what that can be like and it loses any appeal it ever had very quickly.  Also sorry to hear about Mrs. B.  I hope she is doing better.  It has been chaotic and very depressing here -- not that our acquisition deal went through but that we ever got in the position to need the deal to go through in the first place.  In fact, when they finally announced it, my primary feeling was one of relief.  Things had gotten very bad.  Next time we get together I can fill you in on all the details.  At least for now I am still employed and my prospects are pretty good under the circumstances.  It's nice you have Key West to get away to.  You'll have to tell me about the house that you have available but under the circumstances I doubt that I could get away often enough to justify taking on a lease.  It would be nice to get away from here now and then though.  I was supposed to go to Ft. Lauderdale (did you know Ted was living there now?) a few weeks ago to visit and go to the big boat show there.  That trip had to be cancelled in all the confusion around here.  I had hoped to be in New York today for a seminar (where I was actually scheduled to speak) but cancelled that also.  With luck things will start to get back to normal here soon.  I'm really feeling the need for a break (and 4 days in Cincinnati next week don't count) so maybe I can come visit some time in the next couple of months.  Tell Don I said Hi.  Mark 
 I haven't had any complaints from the post office.  In fact, we used to have a mailbox outside the gate.  It was a heavy metal box that required a key to open on a post set in cement. It was stolen (box, post, cement and all!) about three years ago and the mail carrier said that a gate key (their key does not fit any of the doors, mine or yours) was the best answer.  When I gave him the key, he put it on a huge chain with lots of keys that he uses on his route.  Has there been a problem?  On the electrician, I am going to have some work done at some point soon but am waiting for the design people to finish and suggest a good electrician -- so nothing has happened yet.  I'll keep you posted.  Mark 
 Please give me a call about this - I'm not sure it makes sense to say that the index varies each day. 
 Thanks for your note.  I am stranded in London and won't be able to get back until they start international flights again and I can get a seat.  Looks like that means Sunday afternoon at the earliest so please light a candle for me, too on Friday night. 
 Sorry about that.  I have been a bit preoccupied.  I put them in the car so I would remember to take care of it and took them with me this weekend so I could stop at the post office.  It turns out the neighborhood office is closed on Saturdays and of course they were all closed on Monday.  You should have them tomorrow. 
 Here are the documents we discussed. 
 #2 
 I think you guys should still go since the biggest chunk is already paid for - just be very careful to try and minimize expenses. 
 A couple of other ideas of things we might ask for (in addition to pulling this without comment from anywhere it is posted and committing to decline any representation against us in these matters):  1.  How many (who?) have responded to this?  Shouldn't we have the opportunity to clear the conflict? 2.  Commit to not give advice on any similar matter without inquiring as to the party on the other side (i.e. no "no-names" advice on these issues).  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services 1400 Smith Street - EB3892 Houston, Texas 77008 (713)853-7459 (713)646-3490 (fax) 
 Does your analysis change if the license is expanded to include both source and object code licenses with the right to the licensee grant sublicenses?  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services 1400 Smith Street - EB3892 Houston, Texas 77008 (713)853-7459 (713)646-3490 (fax) 
 let's cancel 
 Thanks for that, Tim.  I am stranded here in London and this morning on my way into the office had the pleasure of my cab driver noticing that I am an American and taking a minute to point out exactly what this commentator has said: that we are under appreciated the world round, that the Marshall Plan was a remarkable departure from the accepted norms concerning how conquered nations should be treated and wondering what other nation, if it had the kind of military and economic might available to us, could have resisted, as we have, using it to totally dominate its neighbors if not the world. 
 No gifts, thank you -- just a social hour. 
 In my view an assignment is the common legal method for accomplishing a sal= e and purchase of a derivative transaction.  If they want to use sale termi= nology that is fine but the assignment language should also be there.=20 
 If you need to reach me this weekend, I will be at my parent's home in Cincinnati: (513)541-8649.  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services 1400 Smith Street - EB3892 Houston, Texas 77008 (713)853-7459 (713)646-3490 (fax) 
 Hey Mike -- here are my details:  Mark E. Taylor '78 1322 Rutland St. Houston, TX 77008 (713)863-7190 (home) mark.taylor@enron.com  Let me know how I can help.  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services 1400 Smith Street - EB3892 Houston, Texas 77008 (713)853-7459 (713)646-3490 (fax) 
 I thought of another item to add to the list:  Cruising World 2002 wall calendar -- available on Amazon.com for 11.95  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services 1400 Smith Street - EB3892 Houston, Texas 77008 (713)853-7459 (713)646-3490 (fax) 
 Yet another idea:  A flashlight that has a magnet on the side (or some kind of clamp) to keep in the trunk of the car.  This one might be good for Tim, too.  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services 1400 Smith Street - EB3892 Houston, Texas 77008 (713)853-7459 (713)646-3490 (fax) 
 Thanks for the idea -- I may need it sooner than I expected.  It's nice to = know there are jobs out there but I think I can hold out until I find one s= omewhere better than Boise -- if you thought nobody wanted to visit Houston= ......! 
 There have been some ongoing disputes with AEP I think we should look into before cooperating fully.  I'll check with Elizabeth Sager and get back to you. 
 I called the Moorings about a Miami charter over New Year's and they said they are shutting down the entire location as of 11/30!  When I asked about any other locations that might still have boats left, she said they have a one week minimum for all charters at that time.  Sorry.  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services 1400 Smith Street - EB3892 Houston, Texas 77008 (713)853-7459 (713)646-3490 (fax) 
 I'm fine.  I left you a voice mail this morning on your cell phone to let you know I'm OK and stranded in London.  Not a bad place to get stranded I suppose.  Linda and Amanda are here, too.  I'm working from the office here while they have fun on the town.  Actually, they seem to be spending a lot of time at the hotel watching the news, and I can't say that I totally blame them -- it seems almost disloyal to go out and have fun.  They were going to a play this afternoon and got tickets for us to see Mama Mia (the musical based on ABBA) for tomorrow night.  I was originally scheduled to fly back yesterday (Wednesday) and have been rebooked on a flight Sunday afternoon.  The hotel finally told me this morning that we can keep our rooms until then.  I hope the flights are running by then.  Kitty is being taken care of but I feel really bad having her be alone all this time.  Jim Avant was stranded in Austin for a day -- they had to take a taxi back to Houston the next day -- and Jamie said they would go over that afternoon.  If you need to reach me, you can try the office number 011-44-207-783-6468, my UK cell phone number 011-44-778-351-2535 or the hotel number 011-44-207-491-7282.  It's kind of hard to get through some times since the lines to the US are often busy.  Hope you are doing ok through all this.  I'm just sort of numb.  Mark 
 I think there is a real possibility here.  It would be extremely challenging commercially.  How do we convince customers to participate? Two distinct areas:  (i) Existing portfolio of business and (ii) New business.  New business is easier in one sense since everything is at the money, who would say no to a AAA credit?  Still requires significant amendment to existing trading documentation and where existing trades are present, separating them out as not netting with new trades.  Existing business is easy for counterparties who are already in the money -- they will want the improved credit.  But how do we convince the out of the money side of the equation to participate?  This seem to me to be the biggest hurdle.   Issues:  Requires consent of customers and significant amendment of existing contracts. Adequate incentive for customers currently out of the money to participate? Might make more sense where no current positions exist.  Contract hurdles:  Need to allow for termination by defaulting party so Enron (VMAC) will be able to control termination on default. Need the consent of counterparty to assign contract to VMAC. May require changing permitted credit support from counterparties (letters of credit probably don't work).  If we are attempting to put an existing book of business into the structure, an initial chunk of money will have to be given to VMAC to secure the existing out of the money side of the portfolio - how much is it and do we have that money?  It's not clear how the proposal allows for credit lines to and from counterparties.  That is, if we have given an aggregate $200 million credit line to out of the money counterparties and have only been given an aggregate $100 million credit line to in the money counterparties, will VMAC be satisfied with the mismatch.  Will we continue to control the amount of credit we give to customers?  If we go to 100% collateral requirements for all participating transactions, this is solved since there can't be a mismatch.  (Will customers agree to 100% collateral requirements - i.e. no credit lines?)  Once the supported/participating portfolio is out of the money, Enron will have to post collateral to VMAC.  If we fail, VMAC can default all participating/supported contracts.  When all of the contracts are terminated with Enron as the defaulting party, the payments to and from counterparties are calculated on their side of the market.  Presumably VMAC will require some cushion to cover this. 
 Trevor,  We can add a financial page and/or an org page if you want.   Mike 
 Yes, assuming I get home before the office closes.  I am feeling good as well.  I will move up a few spots this week. 
 LA TECH  #4 Maryland   #3 Hawaii       #2 Eastern Michigan   #1 
 GEA Rainey is located in OK.  There are no emission trading programs in OK. 
 Kerry,  Are you having two thanksgivings with your family?  Mike 
 how far is your dad's family house?  Is that the one that likes me? 
 how far from Houston? 
 Kerry,  I have decided I am going home for Thanksgiving.  I want to be there for my mom and family.  Mike 
 I go over the b-plan everyday of my life.  I will try to get John to go through 50+ pages and the preso. 
 It looks like I'll be able to get back on Sunday.  I was originally schedul= ed to fly back yesterday (Wednesday) but of course all the flights were can= celled yesterday and today.  With luck they'll be back up to full schedules= by Sunday when I have a reservation.  I'll let you know if that changes. = =20  It's interesting to hear what your reactions were since they very closely p= arallel my own.  I heard as I was coming back into the office after lunch o= n Tuesday and there was a small group standing around a computer screen wat= ching an internet news feed.  My first reaction was that it had to be some = kind of elaborate internet hoax and I still have a sense of disbelief.  I d= read my next trip to New York when I will have to see the skyline with my o= wn eyes.  Linda and Amanda are also stranded here and they tend to spend a = lot of time watching the news.  After the first hour or so I just couldn't = bear to watch and preferred to check in now and then for updates.  But then= what else was there to do except sit and be stunned.  Even today it's stil= l hard to concentrate on much of anything.  I guess in a sense I'm lucky th= at I have work matters to keep me busy.  Unfortunately, some are directly r= elated to the tragedy.  There's no doubt the world changed on Tuesday and t= his will always be with us in some way.  All sorts of odd thoughts keep coming to mind.  I have wondered several tim= es if Dad remembers when he and I went into one of the towers (it must have= been when they were quite new) and tried to get to the top to see the view= .  We were told there was no public observation area so we just took an ele= vator up as far as we could get and got out on a floor that was still under= construction and went over to the windows to marvel at the view.  Remember= the view from my apartment in New York?  And I was on the QE2 the last tim= e it will ever go past those buildings (forgive the bad grammar but you kno= w what I mean).  We're going to try and have as good a time as possible here.  I'm working d= uring the days and joining Linda and Amanda for dinner in the evening.  Tom= orrow we're going to see a West End musical.  Saturday we'll probably go to= a couple of museums.  Hope you are keeping well.  Love, Mark 
 http://www.clubmonkey.com/Houston/LeagueInfo.htm#Wiffle 
 Adam,  Are you in today or this week?  Mike 
 We had a group meeting this morning.  Pretty interesting! 
 He is looking at it right now.  Oh, by the way, we had a group meeting this morning with George. 
 Maybe we might win then. 
 A few things.  - Mainly next week this floor will not be in high spirits.  The layoffs will be next week.  EGM and EIM will be hit  	  hard - John asked about bonuses (also, mentioned he had 3 job offers).  George said should have an idea within a few weeks - etc. 
 Paul,  Can we get a breakdown of how much Enron gives to soccer and what does it pay for? 
 Not much said about our group, except he has a direct line to Walley and has spoken with Dynegy.  He feels like they are excited to get us and that they mentioned "that they are good at being number 2."  He also mentioned a few companies have asked if the coal group was for sale as a whole.  He listened but told them no thanks.  Sounds like a few small changes in our group but nothing drastic.  George did say we have working capital (we didn't for 2 days).  Not sure if that means coal or coal and emissions.  Didn't specify what groups will be hit the hardest, he only said EGM and EIM.  Oh, by the way my job offers are pouring as well.  To many to count!!!!!  It is hard to do work with all the head hunters calling him every hour.  Oh wait, just kidding! 
 done 
 When: Monday, November 19, 2001 4:00 PM-4:10 PM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada). Where: the room  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* 
 Please let everyone know that they should use the following fax number for me at the office:  011-44-207-783-8306  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services (713)853-7459 
 I think he looked at the preso and maybe 25% of the b-plan.  We did not talk about it, yet.  He said it looked good, but he got bored so he stopped reading.  He may be waiting for you to come back in town to discuss.  I told him you would be back Monday.  That is the latest. 
 I understand.  I am not the one holding you up.  I printed out both documents for him to read.  John doesn't take commands from me.  I will make any revisions he has made on his printed copies tomorrow. 
 I just spoke with Tom Hartman of San Joaquin Power.  He wants up to 20 HGA NOx ERCS.  I told him I would have to check.  He wants to move quickly.  His number is 832-496-0123.  I know we do not have any, but I wanted to see if an arb was possible before we tell him we do not have any. 
 Do you want me to go to this?  I was planning on going.  Lisa called me today. 
 I didn't want to talk price with him.  He saw our ERCs (that we just sold for $15,000) on website and called Kevin's line.  I was told to pick up the phone.  I told him somebody would call him back.  Either you or I would if you didn't want to call him.  He wanted to move fast, and he mentioned he used brokers in the past.  If none are out, I think we should call and tell him. 
 I put it in my original message below.  It is 832-496-0123.  Tom Hartman with San Joaquin Power. I imagine a natural.  Are you going to call him today? 
 Just to keep up good relations.  I told him we would get back with him.  Please let me know if you do not call him. 
 I just got back from the greenhouse gas meeting.  The meeting was good. But you will be retired before that program is worth anything as far as a good trading program is concerned.  John, said he talked with you on the phone about the b-plan.  I added a table of contents, and if John gives me anything to add I will.  I am going home (LA) tomorrow so I might work half a day. 
 John, I got a six hour drive tomorrow, so I was thinking of taking a half day, so I can spend a little more time with my mom.  Any objections?  Your emissions analyst 
 Who says that John Massey is not a nice guy? 
 From what I have heard, this looks pretty good.  But I wonder if paragraph 1(c) is correct.  Is this what was agreed or should this refer to any spread transaction including a NYMEX, COMEX or Platt's price and another price (whether one of those 3 or not)?  And finally, I don't understand the penultimate paragraph at all but since you guys are closer to the discussions it may make sense to you.  Can you guys confirm this with the traders and report our comments and/or agreement to ISDA?  Thanks!  Mark 
 I am doing her thing on Saturday in the middle of nowhere Texas.  Kind of a compromise.  My thing Thursday.  John told me to take off as early as I want tomorrow for the drive.  So I think I shall.  I called my boy at San Joaquin. 
 I told him those ERCs on website were being sold.  We are looking into another deal (bullshit)so we will keep in touch if something comes up.  Price was not brought up. 
 Duke University football practice was delayed for two hours yesterday in the midst of what was an anthrax scare. One of the players, while on his way to the locker room, happened to look down and notice a unknown white powdery substance on the practice field. Third-year Blue Devils head coach Carl Franks immediately suspended practice while the FBI was called in to investigate. After a complete field analysis, the FBI determined that the white substance unknown to the players was the goal line. Practice was resumed when FBI special agents decided that the Blue Devils, winless in their last 22 games, would not be likely to encounter the substance ever, ever again. Jason Morrow Arlington, Va. 
 Texas       5 WA Stanford LA TECH Fresno state    1 
 can you send me your parent's address? 
 How much are the tickets going on your site?  I am trying to buy one. 
 I am in! 
 Can you forward any e-mail to me?  I am trying to buy your Auburn ticket. 
 Kelly,  I am going to use my Auburn ticket this weekend.  I am also trying to find one for Kerry and an ID.  Any tickets?  Also, people may be calling you to sell a ticket for $10.  I e-mailed them off of Universitytools.com.    Last time I used Mindy's ID which may work again.  Did anybody use my Ark ticket?  Mike 
   Trevor, the only change I made was in 1.6.   I put my changes in red.  This is almost exact wording from the TNRCC website.  Everything else concerning the transfer looked good. 
 While this statement makes reference to energy, it seems to me it might also apply to metals transactions.  I don't know if we have affected transactions or not.  If so, you may care about this.  My impression is that the Houston commodities traders will be signing off on this, possibly with minor comments, as early as this morning.  If you guys want to make comments (maybe have metals excluded if our traders disagree with the approach), please let Sara Shackleton or Barbara Gray know as soon as possible. 
 I put your $500 check on your bed.  Nice ZERO points this week.  Do you not want the $630?  I only pulled a 5.  Really hurts me.  But mathematical I still have a chance. 
   I put your $500 check on your bed.  Nice ZERO points this week.  Do you not want the $630?  I only pulled a 5.  Really hurts me.  But mathematical I still have a chance. 
 Mary or Lisa,  How does the agreement with EEA work?  Do we pay there a specified amount each month or do they charge per hour?  Please advise.  Thanks, Mike 
 Trevor,  This e-mail is attempting to answer the request made by you and Scott a few weeks ago.  Attached are my projected balance for 2004 NOx SIP CALL.  It is based on numbers from EEA (environment consultants), EPA website, NOx SIP Call model, and new generation database.  The confidence level for overall balance is not that high.  The OTR states only need to reduce 15% from 2001 to 2003 to be in compliance.  They have some SCRs already built and the plans for the other SCRs needed.  The non-OTR states are far more dirty than the OTR states.  The big question mark is the cost of technology that will be available for the 2004 states.  I believe that there will be a demand for allowances.  I believe the NOx SIP Call market to be a short at this point.  People think it is worse than it really is.  Also, I can make a price forecast.  The confidence level would be low on the price forecast.  What else do you want here?    Mike Taylor 
 FYI . . .  Below is written by our environmental consultant EEA  >> Based on the preliminary emissions data for 2001 just released, the allowance surplus for this year is 23,189 tons bringing the total bank at the end of the year to 83,778 tons.  This would mean a flow control value of 0.26 or a discount factor of 0.63 for 2002.  The exact flow control/discount values cannot be calculated right now because they will depend on how many banked allowances are used for compliance this year and also on the implementation of the Maryland consent decree which the state and EPA probably wont figure out until next year.  But we are pretty much in that range. << 
 O:\WebContent\Fundamentals\EGM\Publications\Coal\CoalDaily\Archive\ 
 He mailed them out.  Did you not get them.  I am leading the league in fantasy.  No worries. 
 Yeah, 3-2 most probably.  One of his lines was a little out of wack.  Maybe 4-1 if you got that bet off.  Derek, said his computer at home would not pull it up. 
 Raj,  Things are tough.  People are thinking tomorrow is the day for a lot of layoffs for non-core groups.  40% chance we merge with Dynegy is what some people are saying.  Bankruptcy is our other option.  The working environment is not good. The firm needs to lay off people now, as opposed to dragging it out.  I think the good groups will be sold off to the highest bidders, or competitors just buy up all our talented people when the company under.  Any news about your job offer?  Are you looking again?  Mike 
 Ok, let me know if you got an extra ticket. 
 Sara will be responding from Enron.  She is conferring with the traders this morning. 
 Kerry,  Did everything go ok today?  Also, I cannot get into my hotmail.  Can you forward me any e-mails.  Thanks  I LOVE YOU  MIKE 
   cell 713-302-5626 home 713-426-5860 work 713-853-1885 
 In 5 minutes, I already tried twice. 
  Can you forward my e-mail?  LOVE YOU!  Mike 
 If you haven't heard back in an hour or so, you may have to print it out and go down and shove it under their noses.  Tana can show you where they sit if you don't already know. 
 I think Sara Shackleton was the last Enron lawyer to have worked on this. 
 Since this is for someone in the Governor's office, I have no objection.  I think we need to be careful when regulators who might have an interest in regulating the system are asking. 
 I was working in the NY office on 9/4 and here in the London office since 9/10. 
 I am stranded in London - there are worse places these days - but hope to get back tomorrow (Sunday).  Glad you are well. 
 I made it back to Houston last night.  Incredible security at the airport in London -- it was a mob scene.  In addition to the usual stuff there was an additional search of all carry-ons by hand at the gate and all passengers were patted down by a guard before entering the gate.  I saw several passengers questioned on the plane about their checked luggage -- I couldn't really hear what it was all about.  We were delayed about two and a half hours but it made it feel a little safer.  The Brits were all very nice of course but it sure is good to be home. 
 After a two and a half hour delay -- mostly caused by the extra security -- we finally got off the ground yesterday and I am now back in Houston.  I talked to Amanda after I checked in and she said you were on the train to the airport.  Did you have any trouble?  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services (713)853-7459 
 I made it back to Houston last night.  Incredible security at the airport in London -- it was a mob scene.  In addition to the usual stuff there was an additional search of all carry-ons by hand at the gate and all passengers were patted down by a guard before entering the gate.  I saw several passengers questioned on the plane about their checked luggage -- I couldn't really hear what it was all about.  We were delayed about two and a half hours but it made it feel a little safer.  The Brits were all very nice of course while I was in London but it sure is good to be home. 
 I'm surprised that under the circumstances American won't just do it.  Linda and I both had to reschedule our flights and did it directly with the airline (Continental for me and Virgin for Linda).  Of course, in our cases the original flights were cancelled.  I don't have the Cunard reservations number here and haven't been able to access the web site this afternoon.  I will get it for you when I get home.  The fax number for the guest relations department is (305)463-3030.  In a sense I felt safer in London than here.  Once we got off the QE2 we weren't doing anything that would have made us attractive targets and I don't anticipate attacks against individual Americans overseas -- at least not outside of Muslim countries.  While there was an increase in police presence around town, we didn't hear of any actual threats to Americans while we were in London.  Airport security has been better there than here for a long time and now has been beefed up even further.  The Europeans just have more recent experience at dealing with terrorists than we do.  The sword rattling doesn't bother me too much.  I've been overseas during some tense international times before and as long as you're in a friendly country it shouldn't be an issue.  On the other hand, it REALLY feels good to be home and I can sure understand your wanting to have her with you.  From her point of view, I think that while the Brits were all being very sympathetic and supportive, the tragedy just isn't as immediate there and so the impact on Amanda has been somewhat less than if we had been home.  Given that, I think she doesn't want to waste this opportunity to do something fun in Europe while she has the chance and is already over there.  For me I have to say it was hard to have any fun after Tuesday noon, although I tried to put a good face on it.  I don't know when that will improve since I'm still pretty depressed.  It's probably even worse for you since you were so much closer to things than I am.  The lawyer in me sees two sides: (a) a trip to Paris is just the thing to take your mind off of events and (b) why waste a week of vacation and travel hassles when you aren't going to have a good time no matter where you go.  Feel free to give me a call if you want to chat.  Good luck!  Mark 
 Sounds like a plan to me.  Make sure they've given her an actual seat assignment or she may show up at the airport and get bumped.  You might try these:  In Sedona: Enchantment Resort (I recommend hiking!, jeep tours, spa)  In Scottsdale/Phoenix: Four Seasons Resort Scottsdale at Troon North (haven't been but it gets good reviews) The Phoenician (huge rooms, great spa, mother-of-pearl lined swimming pool) The Boulders (also highly rated)  At the Canyon El Tovar Hotel (reportedly the nicest hotel in the park, not necessarily up to Hayman standards but might work for a night)  In Tucson (pretty far from the Grand Canyon): The Lodge at Ventanna Canyon 
 Looks good to me.  One remaining concern is that section (d) may not provide much protection.  According to the power trading lawyers who have worked with the FERC in the past, they never provide protection for what we would consider confidential commercial information even when they have the authority to do so.  If we want that kind of protection, it should be mandated, not made possible by regulatory action.  I'm not necessarily recommending a change, I just don't want anyone to be taking any comfort from section (d). 
 If you have not already done so this week, please remember to update your work reports for me this afternoon.  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services (713)853-7459 
 I'll be on the call. 
   Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services (713)853-7459 
 Thanks for making my morning.  I'm still grinning at the image of your bags going back and forth across the Atlantic.  I saw the emergency command center on TV the other night and it looked just like that huge room where we stood in line and checked in for the ship.  I think that's why they can't dock in ny.  Has Amanda made it back yet? 
 What about Noble?  Has he moved into his new place in midtown yet? 
 Example 1  Party A calculates that it is in the money $100 (which results in a "Loss" to Party A from the termination) Party B calculates that it is out of the money $98 (which results in a "Gain" to Party B from the termination) There are no Unpaid Amounts  The Payment Amount is 50 percent of ($100 + $98) = $99 Since the Payment Amount is positive Party B (the Party with the net Gain) pays $99 to Party A (the party with the net Loss)    Example 2  Same as example 1 except Party A owes $150 in Unpaid Amounts to Party B and Party B owes Party A $12 in Unpaid Amounts  The Payment Amount is (a) 50 percent of ($100 + $98) plus (b) $12 minus (c) $150 = negative $39 Since the Payment Amount is negative Party A (the party with the net Loss) pays $39 to Party B (the party with the net Gain)   Let me know if you need any further explanation.  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services (713)853-7459 
 I hope you can all join us for happy hour tomorrow from 6:00 at Christopher's Wine Bar.  Christopher's is located at 2516 Times Blvd. in Rice Village.  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services (713)853-7459 
 While I think the law actually works that way, we have avoided putting it in writing so far.  The way the web site works, the decision to accept or reject the offer happens almost instantaneously so the question is almost meaningless.  The time we care is when the internet slows down or the connection goes down and they don't see that we accepted their offer and then they try to get out.  I guess the other question would be how do they withdraw the offer?  The website doesn't provide a mechanism for that.  If we say it has to be in writing and delivered to the relevant trader, in practice it might not be an issue. 
 Go for it. 
 Hopefully just a nuisance. 
 See you there. 
 Looks OK to me. 
 The first one looks ok to me as long as someone has checked the accuracy of the reference to Gas Daily.  I have trouble with the second one.  This really looks like a basis swap so I think we need to start with basis swap language.  Can you call me on this one? 
 Sounds good to me. 
 Do you have time to look at this? 
                    Commodity Derivatives            Mark Taylor, Assistant General Counsel Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp.     I.       Documentation Issues   A.    Cross-defaults  "Specified Transactions" Keep physical and financial trading separate or tie together?  B.     Calculation of termination amounts  Market Quotation or Loss?  C.    Adequate Assurance provisions   D.    Credit considerations  Recent price volatility - dramatic swings in exposure  E.     Documents to be delivered  Resolutions may tell you more than you need to know Authorized trader lists are a two edged sword  F.     Dispute resolution mechanisms  Waiver of jury trial, arbitration?  G.    Confidentiality   H.    Market Disruption Events  De Minimis Trading? Tax disruption? Trading limitation - definition  I.        Market Disruption Fallbacks  Get Commercial Input! Postponement Fallback Reference Price Negotiated Fallback (specify period to negotiate) Dealer quotations No-fault termination?  II.     Counterparty Issues   A.    Issues   1.                  Authority of signer   2.                  Power of Counterparty   3.                  Bankruptcy   B.     Counterparty Types   1.                  Governmental and Quasi-Governmental Entities   a)                 Municipalities   b)                 Municipally owned utilities   c)                  Crown corporations (Canada)   2.                  Regulated Entities   a)                 Utilities   C.    Solutions   1.                  Documentation  Additional representations and warranties "Incipient Illegality" Automatic early termination?  2.                  Due diligence   3.                  Legal opinions, advice of local counsel   4.                  Resolutions, officers' certificates     III.  International Trading   A.    Choosing Local Counsel   B.     Local Law Issues   1.                  Capacity & authority   2.                  Credit support matters   3.                  Exchange controls   4.                  Licenses   5.                  Choice of law, enforcement of judgements & arbitral awards   6.                  Sovereign immunity   7.                  Gaming statutes   8.                  Marketing restrictions   9.                  Tax matters   a)                 Withholding   b)                 Value-added   c)                  Stamp   d)                 Turnover   10.             Insolvency - netting   11.             Oral contracts   12.             Setoff   13.             Usury 
 Thanks for your note.  Just so you have the whole picture -- our analysis f= rom a US law perspective is that there is a tension between wanting the tra= nsactions on the system to be enforceable and wanting out of the mistake tr= ades.  The offline unwind is by far the best approach when the mistake is n= ot blatant since it assumes the binding nature of the original trade.  We h= ave been handling these by using a written termination rather than a revers= e trade.  This is universally the approach we have taken when our traders h= ave agreed to let a customer out of a trade the customer claims was done by= mistake on their part.  This happens often enough that we have given the c= onfirm desk a termination agreement form to use as needed (Tana can get you= a copy if you want it).  But when the counterparty refuses to let us out o= f a trade that is a mistake on our part, our only hope is that the mistake = is so blatant that we can claim mutual mistake.  Under US law when there is= mutual mistake the contract is actually never formed.  In that case, the o= riginal trade is not enforceable and there is nothing to unwind.  One alter= native we have used is to simply remove the transaction from the customer's= "completed transactions" section as if it had never happened.  As far as I= know, we have only had to do this once or twice. 
 Is P&G approved to trade derivatives online? 
 I can't be on this call - do you have time? 
 FYI 
 No luck here.  16  25  26  30  45  47 
  Help support the families of the New York Police Department and Fire Department and the families of Cantor Fitzgerald.  In light of the recent tragedy, the EnronOnline team is showing support by participating in a Bowl-A-Thon  on  Friday, September 28th.  Funds raised will benefit either the New York Police and Fire Fighter's Widows' and Children's Fund or for the Cantor Fitzgerald Relief Fund- http://www.cantorusa.com/index.php (eSpeed and TradeSpark).  If you'd like to sponsor a bowler, please see the names on the attached spreadsheet and call one of them to sponsor them.  Please make checks payable directly to the charity.  This way, they can get Community Relations to match them.  If you have any questions, please call Kelly Heuertz at x 54624.  Thanks  Mark Taylor 
 In light of the recent tragedy, the EnronOnline team is showing support by participating in a Bowl-A-Thon  on  Friday, September 28th.  Funds raised will benefit either the New York Police and Fire Fighter's Widows' and Children's Fund or for the Cantor Fitzgerald Relief Fund- http://www.cantorusa.com/index.php (eSpeed and TradeSpark).  If you'd like to sponsor a bowler, please see the names on the attached spreadsheet and call one of them to sponsor them.  Please make checks payable directly to the charity.  This way, they can get Community Relations to match them.  If you have any questions, please call Kelly Heuertz at x 54624.  Thanks  Mark Taylor 
 If you want to plug me in to your call with Fred to describe the enhanced limit order system, just let me know. 
 Are the provisions we care about in Title 9?  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services (713)853-7459 
 Sounds like you have this under control.  I agree with your approach.  Mark Taylor Vice President and General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services (713)853-7459 
 Please coordinate with Sharon. 
 FYI 
 Wish we could go - but we're off to Ft. Lauderdale this evening.  Are you in town next weekend?  If not, let's try for something on a weeknight. 
 Congrats Justin!  Good job!    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Jan - can you please take care of scheduling this. 
 I have asked the tax guys to talk to you directly since I am in South America this week.  If you have not heard from them, you might try calling Stephen Douglas or Jeff Blumenthal.  They are the tax experts for EnronOnline. 
 Thanks for your note.  My company has revised our e-mail addresses.  Please change my address in your records to Mark.Taylor@enron.com.  Thanks! 
 I have no objection to changing the product name.  The tax issue concerns the location of the trader - if the guy managing the prices is in London but the transactions are with ENA, there may be tax implications.  Mark 
 Robin:  We use two firms for U.S. derivatives advice - both in New York and both highly recommended:  David Mitchell of Cadwalader, Wickersham & Taft (212)504-6285 Ken Raisler of Sullivan & Cromwell (212)558-4675  David we use for contract issues - what should our forms look like under various conditions, etc. and Ken, who is a former General Counsel of the CFTC, we use for policy questions, political (lobbying) and e-commerce issues.  Mark 
 Robin:  We use two firms for U.S. derivatives advice - both in New York and both highly recommended:  David Mitchell of Cadwalader, Wickersham & Taft (212)504-6285 Ken Raisler of Sullivan & Cromwell (212)558-4675  David we use for contract issues - what should our forms look like under various conditions, etc. and Ken, who is a former General Counsel of the CFTC, we use for policy questions, political (lobbying) and e-commerce issues.  Please feel free to use my name when contacting either of them.  If neither of these is exactly what you are looking for, let me know and I can put you in touch with others.  Mark 
 Taffy -  I've been having trouble getting this e-mail to go through to Robin Tompkins at Portland General.  Would you please either find Robin's correct e-mail address and forward it to her or call and get her fax number and fax it to her.  Thanks.  Mark 
 Any idea why this question came up? 
 I found this picture of my boat on the internet! 
 My thoughts concerning potentially novel elements of EnronOnline:  1.  The online "making of a market" i.e. the continuous posting of real-time prices for both purchases and sales of commodities 2.  The online ability to enter into an energy commodity or commodity derivative transaction. 3.  The continuous and frequent updating of prices - including the operation of the "Stack Manager" which automates this process in many ways so that the system can react more quickly than a person. 4.  EnronOnline uses multiple levels of contractual language - a single line "short description" of abbreviated terms identifying the transaction to the trader, a long description which defines the abbreviated terms and adds additional legal language and general terms and conditions which contain the remaining contractual terms and are accepted only once by the counterparty. 5.  The site directs counterparties to different contracts based on the counterparty profile containing both credit information and information concerning the contracts the counterparty already has in place. 6.  It may be relevant for any or all of the foregoing that the EnronOnline system is web-based - i.e. the user does not require any system-specific software but just a web browser (and an internet plug-in application) 7.  The Master User account gives the counterparty the ability to set up passwords for sub-users for that entity and control the access and trading authority of various password holders. 8.  Each user can create customized screens showing only those products in which he or she is interested. 9.  The system provides for the submission of offers to transact by counterparties which are automatically accepted or rejected by the system based on pre-established criteria resulting in binding contracts.  Mark Taylor    Enron North America Corp. 
 Here's another lawyer applicant for the paralegal job - I don't remember this one either...... 
 This one I remember seeing before but I don't remember making an interview decision one way or the other. 
 Thanks Tara! 
 The hardest part of preparing the Long Descriptions is making sure all of t= he=20 terms used in th GTC's that need to be defined elsewhere are covered.  I'll= =20 have to leave the final determination to the people who drafted the GTC's. = I=20 also have to point out I don't know much of anything about how bandwidth is= =20 traded, but here are the comments I was able to come up with to the Long=20 Descriptions:  Bandwidth Units - This concept has been difficult for me - it's not entirel= y=20 clear to me where the definition of this comes from - is it the reference i= n=20 the box at the top of the relevant Annex?  If so, maybe we should add a lin= e=20 something to the effect of 'Bandwidth Units shall mean DS-3 for this=20 Transaction.'  Or better yet you might consider a generic reference to the= =20 relevant Annex that should apply which might let you delete the sentence=20 referring to the quality as well.  Does 'DSO' need to be defined somewhere?  The way the different Price definitions fit together has also eluded me -= =20 there is a formula in the Long Description and a different formula in the= =20 GTC.  Unless industry trading convention is to the contrary, the site makes= =20 more intuitive sense when the volume quoted and the price quoted use the sa= me=20 units.  If the volume is Bandwidth Units and the price is a per mile number= =20 some counterparties (or perhaps more likely their lawyers) may be confused.= =20 The GTC contains the defined term 'Unit Price' which is in $/Bandwidth Unit= . =20 It seems to me that if we can quote the price as the Unit Price and the=20 volume as Bandwidth Units, we can ignore the number of DSO's per Bandwidth= =20 Unit and the number of DSO miles for the transaction. =20  Since they won't change from one product to the next, the two sentences=20 beginning with 'Any party entering into a Transaction...' could be moved to= =20 the GTC.  The term 'Contractual Currency' is not used int he GTC.  Can the=20 parenthetical reference come out?  (The EnronOnline people may care about= =20 this more than I.)  If the numbers of miles and DSO's need to stay in the Long Descriptions, I= =20 would suggest that you change the references to make it DSO's per Bandwidth= =20 Unit (both where the number is introduced and in the price formula) and tha= t=20 the unt of measure against which the price is quoted be 'per DSO mile per= =20 month'.  Is the volume on the quotes page a monthly or total number?  This needs to = be=20 clear from the Long Description.   So for example, if you follow all of my suggestions, you might end up with= =20 something like this:  A US Bandwidth Transaction with Enron Broadband Services, L.P. (=01&EBS=018= )=20 pursuant to which the Seller shall sell and the Buyer shall buy the quantit= y=20 of Bandwidth Units submitted by Counterparty via the Website.  The price=20 shall be as submitted by the Counterparty via the Website.  Annex A-1 of th= e=20 General Terms and Conditions shall apply to this Transaction. =20 The term of the Transaction shall begin at 12:00 a.m. (EST) on the Effectiv= e=20 Date and continue to 11:59:59 p.m. (EST) on the Termination Date. The=20 Effective Date is <Start Date> and the Termination Date is <Termination=20 Date>. =20 The Transaction shall be for Bandwidth between the New York Market Pooling= =20 Point (111 8th Avenue, Suite 1517, New York, NY 10011, NPA-NXX: 212-462,=20 CLLI: NYCMNY83H62) and the Los Angeles Market Pooling Point (530 W. 6th=20 Street, Suite 300, Los Angeles, CA 90014, NPA-NXX: 213-362, CLLI:=20 LSAJCAWZH04). The price is quoted in US Dollars.=20 The unit of measure against which the price is quoted is one Bandwidth Unit= =20 per month and the quantity shown shall be in number of Bandwidth Units per= =20 month.=20   If quoting the price as a per Bandwidth Unit number doesn't work it would b= e=20 more like this:  A US Bandwidth Transaction with Enron Broadband Services, L.P. (=01&EBS=018= )=20 pursuant to which the Seller shall sell and the Buyer shall buy the quantit= y=20 of Bandwidth Units submitted by Counterparty via the Website. The number of= =20 DSO=01,s per Bandwidth Unit is 672. The price shall be as submitted by the= =20 Counterparty via the Website.  Annex A-1 of the General Terms and Condition= s=20 will apply to this Transaction. =20 The term of the Transaction shall begin at 12:00 a.m. (EST) on the Effectiv= e=20 Date and continue to 11:59:59 p.m. (EST) on the Termination Date. The=20 Effective Date is <Start Date> and the Termination Date is <Termination=20 Date>. =20 The Transaction shall be for Bandwidth between the New York Market Pooling= =20 Point (111 8th Avenue, Suite 1517, New York, NY 10011, NPA-NXX: 212-462,=20 CLLI: NYCMNY83H62) and the Los Angeles Market Pooling Point (530 W. 6th=20 Street, Suite 300, Los Angeles, CA 90014, NPA-NXX: 213-362, CLLI:=20 LSAJCAWZH04), for a total of 2,446 DSO miles. The price is quoted in US Dollars.=20 The unit of measure against which the price is quoted is one DS0 mile per= =20 month and the quantity shown shall be in number of Bandwidth Units per mont= h.=20 Therefore, the Contract Price will be calculated as follows: price x the=20 number of DS0=01,s per Bandwidth Unit x the number of DS0 miles x the numbe= r of=20 Bandwidth Units.  Please let me know if you have any questions - I will go ahead and approve= =20 the product in the system so you can proceed without me if necessary.  Mark 
 Thanks for your quick reply.  My apologies for asking so many questions wit= h=20 obvious answers.  I hope I didn't waist too much of your time.  I also had = a=20 chat with Dave Forster yesterday in which he set me straight on many of the= se=20 issues.  Thanks for creating all of this so fast!  Mark 
 I'm in Buenos Aires today and talked to Andrea about her computer.  While they are having big problems with her laptop (it likes to eat hard drives) she will be able to bring it along (it's a Compaq Armada 1500C - will that fit in the docking station?).  In case it isn't working, can we get her set up with one of the Windows 2000 machines that are being installed Tuesday morning?  Mark 
 I haven't been able to get into any off these things.  Do you know what they are? 
 My only comment would be to suggest that the Password Application and registration form be referred to as "available online".  Describing them as "online" forms may lead some to believe that they can be filled out and submitted online while in fact the Password Application must be printed out and signed before being sent to us.  Mark 
 Hey Amanda!  Yao just gave me your e-mail address.  He had told me you were at UVA a couple of months ago.  How do you like law school so far?  I have to admit I pretty much hated every minute of it.  Now that I think about it, I can't say that being a lawyer had been all that much fun either.  Oh well, the pay is pretty good.  I found this picture of my boat on the internet site of the charter company that rents it out for me when I'm not sailing (which is most of the time). When are we going sailing again?  Got any good vacation weeks coming up?  The Caribbean sure sounds good right about now...... 
 I will be out of the office at a seminar on Thursday and Friday of this week. 
 I am in an all-day seminar tomorrow and Friday - I'm afraid we may have to miss this one. 
 Jason - if you have time, would you please take a look at this? 
 We are now able to open these but can't say I'm any happier about it.  Well, maybe that's too extreme - at least it seems like a good idea in principle. But I do have several questions:  Do we have a similar system here in NA? Are we expected to review all of these?  Is there some way to filter out the junk?  To whom should I address these questions? 
 Here is the Japanese repsonse which also contains our inquiry. 
 I don't think this person's experience is the right fit for our paralegal position. 
 This person doesn't have the kind of experience that we are looking for but she might work for one of the other groups in the department.  I am forwarding this to Ann-Elizabeth White who may know of an appropriate spot. 
 These do not appear in my SRRS but I would approve them if I could. 
 You know, I must have received your message on Tuesday because I remember reading it - but I can't find it in my computer.  Can you resend so I'll have the dates?  My guess is you shouldn't arrange space for me.  If I can get there for part of the time and there is a spare couch then fine & if not I'm sure I'll find a room somewhere close by. 
 This does not appear in my SRRS but I would approve it if I could. 
 This does not appear in my SRRS but I would approve it if I could. 
 This does not appear in my SRRS but I would approve it if I could. 
 In case you have to work late again and need a smile or two...... 
 In the future, please print these out for me instead of sending them by e-mail.  Thanks! 
 I agree that an electronic system of tracking these things is a good idea. Either the electronic or manual system will be admissable, but the electronic system strikes me as more reliable.  I'm more concerned witht he effectiveness of the notification - it's still not clear to me that adding a line on the ticker will be satisfactory.  In fact, it clearly is not satisfactory for changes in the ETA or a GTC.  Those documents will have to be clicked on again if any changes are made, the only remaining question being how do you highlight the changes.  The significant gray area is still changes to the Long Descriptions. 
 Yes, I will take care of this one. 
 Let me know if this is what you had in mind. 
 Is this for you? 
 I have revised my profile to give you calendar management access - sorry about the delay. 
 We're looking forward to stopping by but it may be a little later - not sure about the exact schedule for the eve.  Mind if we bring a friend or two?  I doubt they'll come with us (they work til about 9 or 10 on Fridays and are usually ready to collapse at that point) but you never know til you ask.  Mark    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Thanks for taking care of this!  Sorry if I caused any confusion. 
 Release Date: 05/04/00 New York Mercantile Exchange Announces E-Commerce Venture  FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE CONTACT: Nachamah Jacobovits (212) 299-2430 Maria Gonzalez (212) 299-2436 NEW YORK, NY, May 4, 2000 - The board of directors of the New York Mercantile Exchange last night approved the formation of eNYMEX, an e-commerce venture that is intended to become the premier, global exchange for over-the-counter (OTC) forward trading and clearing of a wide range of standardized physical commodity contracts. The board also established an implementation schedule and retained the services of Andersen Consulting to work on the venture. The Exchange plans to use its proven clearing infrastructure to introduce complete counter-party risk management for OTC trading, and create net margining with Exchange futures markets by calculating a consolidated clearing position. eNYMEX will provide a single, internet-based interface to both the OTC market and the Exchange futures market by routing futures orders to the trading floor and the NYMEX ACCESSc electronic trading system, depending on the session. The Exchange's vision for the venture also includes pursuing strategic partnerships through which eNYMEX would provide clearing services to external organizations and creating a credit structure that will permit floor members to participate in OTC markets. The range of OTC products offered will initially focus on swap contracts in crude oil, petroleum products, natural gas, and electricity, with some spot cash market products also offered. Over time, this would be expanded into such areas as precious and base metals, coal, and, potentially, bandwidth, weather, and emissions. Although the initial geographic focus will be on North America, contracts are also expected to be offered for some European and Asian locations. In addition to today's launch announcement, the key milestones of eNYMEX, are expected to be a third quarter introduction of OTC trading, followed by Internet-based order-routing for futures trading, including a common interface for OTC and futures trading, and clearing and settlement of OTC trading. Exchange Chairman Daniel Rappaport said, "The global energy and metals community has expressed a strong need for an electronic OTC platform that provides an open, independent, and neutral marketplace for trading by all participants, price transparency, counter-party credit risk management, and the liquidity created by simple standardized contracts." Mr. Rappaport also enumerated several other advantages of eNYMEX over other available OTC systems: ? Leveraging the proven market management capabilities of the Exchange. ? The combination of the existing futures and options markets with the eNYMEX electronic OTC market provides an ideal combination of e-commerce with "bricks & mortar". ? The Exchange's established and well-regarded clearinghouse, which will be used to provide counter-party risk management ? Net margining of positions across the futures and OTC markets, providing significant cashflow benefits to participants trading across markets and commodities. eNYMEX will be a wholly owned, for-profit subsidiary of the New York Mercantile Exchange. 
 Sorry I missed you earlier - please blame Louise who refused to let me leave the meeting I was in with her to call.  I tried to call you in London just now but there was no answer.  If you are still around, please feel free to try me again but if that doesn't work I will be in all next week and am happy to set up a time that works for you.  Mark 
 The Houston desk has asked me to prepare a form of confirm for a credit derivative based on the bankruptcy of a Canadian reference entity.  Before I talk to Canadian counsel about the bankruptcy laws there I thought I should check with you guys and make sure you haven't done this already - any issues you know of? Thanks, Mark 
 David;  Here are our initial thoughts regarding the Posting Agreement form.  I shou= ld=20 be in all day today and tomorrow.  Please feel free to call to discuss.  At the closing of the Transaction, the Company and Enron will enter into a= =20 =01&Posting Agreement=018 pursuant to which Enron will agree to post prices= for=20 certain products to the Company=01,s platform in a manner that permits the= =20 Company=01,s customers to electronically attempt to transact, through the= =20 Company=01,s website but on EOL=01,s database, with respect to Subject Prod= ucts=20 (defined below). =20  The Company will provide, at the Company=01,s expense and in accordance wit= h=20 Enron=01,s specifications and technical requirements t[specifications annex= ?],=20 an interface which will be used by Enron to post prices for Subject Product= s=20 on the Company=01,s website.  Enron will provide, at Enron=01,s expense and= in=20 accordance with Enron=01,s specifications and technical requirements [annex= ?],=20 an interface for the Company=01,s customers to attempt transactions (as=20 discussed below) on the EOL database.  The parties will also establish a=20 credit interface to facilitate Enron=01,s credit decisions with respect to= =20 attempted transactions.  The Company=01,s customers will be permitted to attempt to transact against= =20 prices posted by Enron at Enron=01,s sole discretion.  Accordingly, prices= =20 posted by Enron on the Company=01,s website shall not be deemed to be offer= s to=20 sell or buy, and all attempted transactions must be validated against the E= OL=20 database in accordance with EOL=01,s customary operating policies and=20 practices.  The point of contract for all transactions consummated on price= s=20 that are posted by Enron shall be the EOL database, and all of such=20 transactions will be consummated pursuant to EOL=01,s General Terms and=20 Conditions, or the terms of a master agreement between the Company=01,s cus= tomer=20 and Enron, if any.  [manner in which the Company=01,s customers will agree = to=20 transact under EOL=01,s General Terms and Conditions]=20  [process of and responsibility for =01&mapping=018 the products offered by = the=20 Company and the prices posted by Enron in order to ensure accurate matching= =20 of Subject Products between the Company=01,s website and EOL=01,s database]  Enron will not be required to pay to the Company any commission or other=20 charge with respect to any transaction completed with EOL through the Compa= ny=01, s Platform.  Commissions charged to those customers completing transactions= =20 with EOL shall not exceed the Company=01,s standard rates.  Each party shal= l be=20 solely responsible for the costs and expenses of operating and maintaining= =20 its respective platform; the Company will be responsible for all=20 telecommunication costs and expenses from the Company=01,s website to EOL= =01,s=20 website.=20  Prior to Closing, the Company and Enron will agree to specific products wit= h=20 respect to which Enron will post prices on the Company=01,s Platform (the= =20 Subject Products=018).  Products may be added or deleted by subsequent agre= ement=20 of the parties, but Enron shall have no obligation to post prices with=20 respect to products for which it then does not post prices on EOL, or to=20 otherwise act in a manner that is inconsistent with or contrary to its=20 business methods, practices or policies employed on EOL.  [Circumstances under which the Agreement may be terminated by a party, and= =20 consequences of either party=01,s breach of the Agreement] 
 Would you please take care of this ASAP 
 Here is the draft of the questionnaire for local counsel.  Let me know what you think. 
 If the NDA is the Confidentiality Agreement for the Energy Trading Platform (group of six?), I have marked it up with only those revisions I thought essential (having discussed them with Andy) and am now waiting to hear back regarding where I should send it (have left voice mail for Greg and Andy is checking).  If the NDA is something else, please let me know.    Louise Kitchen 05/16/2000 06:10 AM 
 Thanks for that - I had completely forgotten about the insurance issue. 
 This is why he never got it. 
 I think these will be the first days Susan Bailey gets back from being out. Please make sure this is OK with her and you guys coordinate on what's going on.    Susan Flynn 05/16/2000 11:19 AM 
 You're right - I had my weeks mixed up.  Since we are one person short I'd still appreciate it if you guys would coordinate to make sure there isn't any undue confusion. 
 Thanks Mark - these are mine and I'll ask Louise to be more careful in her addressing.    Mark A Taylor@EES 05/16/2000 03:10 PM 
 Please be careful in addressing e-mails to me - several of yours (re: Follow-up on Friday's meeting) have gone to the other MarkTaylor (Mark A Taylor).  I just found out when he forwarded them on to me. 
 PeopleFinder <peoplefinder@enron.com> 05/16/2000 09:13 PM Please respond to peoplefinder 
 It looks like we should send him the term sheet. 
 Frank -  There appears to have been a mild snafu with my e-mail address (my fault, not yours) and I have just now seen your note from yesterday morning.  I am working on the Posting Agreement.  I'm afraid Louise may have thought more highly of my abilities to create something like that from whole cloth than I deserved but we will try and get that to you soon.  Travis McCullough, our corporate lawyer, will get together a term sheet on the equity side of things which we should be able to get to you quickly (no later than Thursday if his schedule permits).  I'm assuming that your legal team will have to be draftsmen of the definitive corporate documents but the term sheet should give them a good starting point (and let you confirm that the lawyers on both sides are getting it right).  Sorry for the delay and confusion - we'll get these out to you as soon as we can.  Mark 
 Yes - in fact it is already on my calendar!    Andrea Bertone@ENRON 05/18/2000 09:55 AM 
 I am available - best after 6:30 or 7:00.  Where is always difficult - quieter as opposed to noisy & crowded - but not dead either (I'm not picky am I?).  Any suggestions?    "Jim Avant" <jfa@daplaw.com> 05/18/2000 02:56 PM 
 They shouldn't be doing any trading so I hope we won't need those things.    Tana Jones 05/18/2000 04:23 PM 
 What is your anticipated start date in Houston?  We need to work on a place for you to sit. 
 I got a call from AEP asking that we have Louise initial the changes we made in the CA and fax it back to them - is she here today? 
 The only other matters I know of are (i) the Thursday morning interview of Timothy Hailes for a position in the Houston Swap Group and (ii) that Mark mentioned to me that he is planning a trip up to Teeside on Wednesday.  We are trying to set up another interview on Thursday (with David Lacey) but it hasn't been finalized yet.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 This is the North America version.  There are a number of variations for different jurisdictions.  You can see them all on the website by going to enrononline.com and then going to the "How to Register" page.  There is a drop-down that lists all of the available PA's. 
 Justin -  David Samuels and Rahil Jafrey have come up with an idea for an incentive to get people to use EnronOnline.  They want to set up a sports fantasy league system on the website allowing users to accumulate points and then awarding prizes to the winners.  The first proposal relates to European football (I think) and they would like to meet to discuss the idea at 10:00 a.m. Houston time Tuesday.  Any chance you might be available to listen in? 
 They said they had agreed but I have not seen a copy initialed by them.    Andy Zipper@ENRON 05/22/2000 04:04 PM 
 Mark -  You might consider treating the choice of law and submission to jurisdiction as two separate issues.  For example, if BC law is not objectionable, we could choose that law to apply but not consent to the jurisdiction of any particular court.  The most likely outcome (at least in many US states) would be that we would end up in a BC court if we had to sue them but unless we have significant contacts with BC (e.g. an office there) they would have to sue us in Alberta.  Mark Taylor    Mark Powell\CAL\ECT Sent by: Mark Powell 05/24/2000 07:27 PM 
 Yes, I spoke to her earlier this week. 
 Sorry I didn't get back to you in response to your voice-mail.  I was hoping I could talk to Carol and Sara to see if anyone remembers why we incorporate the Credit Support Documents by reference.  Regarding the cross-default, we usually do not expand the definition since we don't want to bring in other derivatives transactions - of course that was before we started doing derivatives under various master agreements with the same entities.  It may be time to revisit this one.    Paul Simons 05/26/2000 11:46 AM 
 Looks good to me.    Sara Shackleton 05/30/2000 08:13 AM 
 This looks fine to me.  The tax section of the draft was a holdover from the initial survey done in Europe last year.  In this case, I assume that Lynn is taking care of the tax issues and may be using different counsel for tax issues.  In Brazil the entire tax section of the memo was deleted before it was sent to counsel.    Brent Hendry@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 05/29/2000 12:53 PM 
 Alan - I know Jeff is out of town and may not see this right away so I thought I would forward it on to you. 
 If you want to take a day or two of lessons on a bigger boat or if some of your friends need an intro course, you might try this outfit.  They're the ones who manage my boat.  http://www.atthehelmgulf.com/   My boat: 
 Steve:  Here is the most recent draft of the swap agreement.  The marked copy (the second attachment) shows the changes with the exception of the payee tax rep which has been deleted in the clean version.  Mark 
 Will putting this in the confirmation give the accountants heartburn over treating the transaction as a swap? 
 Please remember to go into the Performance management System to select reviewers for this series of performance reviews. 
 Please remember to go into the Performance Management System to select reviewers for this series of performance reviews. 
 Bryan -  The process for approving these involves sending the names to the General Counsels of the various operating companies here in Houston.  Several of them then send the lists to the senior business people in their organizations. Unless there is a real urgency, I would suggest that we send the list all at once instead of piecemeal.  What do you think?  Mark    Bryan Seyfried 05/30/2000 08:09 AM 
 Thanks for your note.  In reply:  1.  We will change United Kingdom to England in the governing law section.  2.  and 3.  We did switch to the English law form and our form didn't provide for using securities as collateral.  As you point out, it is likely that SR will always be in the money and the CSA provides for an unlimited Threshold for SR at all times so that it will never be providing collateral under that document.   There are certainly other changes that could be made to the document with that in mind but in the interest of time we didn't make much of an effort on that score - our theory was that you wouldn't mind too much since you would never have to post anything under this document.  Please let me know if you have any other questions or comments.  Mark    "Stephen Kruft" <Stephen_Kruft@swissre.com> 05/31/2000 08:56 AM 
 That certainly makes sense to me.  I had better talk to Paul about the appropriate procedures going forward.    Bryan Seyfried 05/31/2000 09:36 AM 
 I was assuming that Paul might have a process set up for the UK and that we could copy most of it.  Do you know if he has created one already?    Bryan Seyfried 05/31/2000 10:19 AM 
 One day, while walking down the street, a highly successful lawyer was tragically hit by a bus and killed. His soul arrived up in Heaven, where he was met at the Pearly Gates by St. Peter himself.  "Welcome to Heaven," said St. Peter. "Before you get settled in, though, it seems we have a problem. You see,  we've never once had a lawyer  make it this far and we're not really sure what to do with you."  "No problem-just let me in," said the lawyer  "Well, I'd like to, but I have higher orders. What we're going to do is let you have a day in Hell and a day in Heaven, and then you can choose whichever one you want to spend an eternity in."  "Actually, I think I've made up my mind...I prefer  to stay in Heaven," said the lawyer  "Sorry, we have rules," said St. Peter, and with that, he put the lawyer in an elevator  and it went  down-down-down to Hell.  The doors opened and the lawyer found himself stepping out onto the putting green on a beautiful golf course. In the distance was a country club, and standing in front of him were all of his friends and fellow lawyers with whom he had worked. They were all dressed in black tie and evening gowns and cheering for him. They ran up and kissed him on both cheeks and they talked about  old times. They played an excellent round of golf, and that night went to the country club where he enjoyed an excellent steak and lobster dinner.  The lawyer even got to meet the Devil, who was actually a woman and very good looking.  He had a great time telling jokes and dancing.  In fact, the lawyer was having such a good time, that before he knew it, it was time to leave.  Everybody shook his hand, thanked him for coming  and waved goodbye as he got on the elevator.  The elevator went up-up-up and opened back at the Pearly Gates, where he found St. Peter waiting for him. "Now it's time to spend a day in Heaven," he said.  So the lawyer spent the next 24 hours lounging around on clouds and playing the harp and singing. He had a great time, and before he knew it, his  24 hours were up. St. Peter came and got him.  "So, you've spent a day in Hell and you've spent a day in Heaven. Now you must choose your eternity," he said.  The lawyer  paused for a second, and then replied, "Well, I never thought I'd say this. I mean, Heaven has been really great and all, but I think I had a better time in Hell."  So St. Peter escorted him to the elevator and again he went down-down-down, back to Hell.  When the doors of the elevator opened, the lawyer found himself standing in a desolate wasteland covered in garbage and filth. He saw his friends and fellow lawyers were dressed in rags and were picking up the garbage and putting it in sacks.  The Devil appeared before the lawyer.  She now had horns sticking out of her head, fire spit out her ears and nose  and she had a very evil laugh  The lawyer stammered:   "I don't understand.  Yesterday, I was here and there was a golf course and a country club and we ate lobster and danced and had a great time. Now all there is a wasteland of garbage and all of my friends and fellow lawyers look overworked and miserable."  The Devil looked at the lawyer and smiled.  "Yesterday we were recruiting you; today you're ours."  >> (Life in the Law Firm) >> >> >> >> >> >> >> > 
 Done.  My only comment is that there should be an apostrophe in "Sellers" in the third line up from the bottom.    Melba Lozano 05/31/2000 02:19 PM 
 Looks good to me.    Julie Ferrara 05/31/2000 01:54 PM 
 There is a meeting on my calendar for Friday morning to discuss Phase 2 content issues with people from the Research Group - not sure if this is the same issue or not.    Bob Shults 05/31/2000 08:23 PM 
 Susan - Please send this guy a sample form of each of the Omnibus, Industrial and ISDA (both printed form and schedule).  Thanks 
 Jason - would you take a quick look at this - I think Legal in London will be negotiating it so you don't have to be particularly thorough - but I thought you might have some insights given your recent experience with our other content agreements.  Thanks, Mark 
 I agree with you 100%.  I hope that Mike can make it clear to John that it is never appropriate to criticize another department - whether Legal or anyone else - in such a public manner.  If he feels there is a problem that should be corrected, he should proceed through proper channels.  In this case, a direct one-on-one conversation with Andrea strikes me as the most obvious route and if that is not possible, not productive or just too awkward, he should have approached either you or Mike.  Sending out an e-mail that might be considered personally critical of Andrea in such a public way is clearly contrary to our core value of Respect.  I hope you are able to have some input into the review process for John and this should certainly be mentioned.  If you need my help in any way, please let me know. 
 REMOVE    asdfga@usa.com 06/02/2000 04:24 PM 
 Craig -  There was no attachment to your e-mail.  Is it coming in hard copy?  Mark    Craig Breslau 06/03/2000 02:58 PM 
 I can make it next week.  Travis will be on vacation but we can patch him in by phone.  Ken is available from 9 to 11 and then again from 3 or 4 onwards. Which would you prefer?    Louise Kitchen 06/06/2000 11:44 AM 
 Approved. 
 This may prove helpful. 
 If you didn't believe us before, I'm sure it is by now painfully clear that negotiating master swap agreements is a very lengthy process.  My impression is that the commercial team in Portland is anxious to begin trading financially.  If this is correct, it would be possible, at least from a legal point of view, to begin trading now under the existing documents.  In each case where a master agreement is already in place, trades entered into before the amendments we want will certainly be binding on both parties.  Our only issues with trading under these agreements are where we need more restrictive credit provisions and that resumption of trading before an amendment is signed reduces to some extent our negotiating leverage.  As to the credit issue, only the credit group can decide whether or not to permit trading under the existing terms.  As for the negotiating leverage, if the commercial people want to resume trading immediately, my suggestion would be to let them go ahead.  If it turns out that additional leverage is needed, we can always stop trading.  Where no master swap agreement exists, we have documentation available to enable trading on a limited basis until the master is signed.  The so-called "omnibus" confirmation will work for any normal commodity derivative transaction and can be customized to include necessary credit provisions - even where multiple trades exist with the same counterparty.  Tana has unsuccessfully tried to get you access to our Lotus Notes database so you could determine the status of any negotiation on an up-to-the-minute basis.  She will be sending a monthly report of our progress until you get the necessary software to access the database.  Of course, if any issues come up in the meantime, please continue to feel free to call. 
 Another thing we'd like to talk about on Monday is the danger of becoming a Commodity Trading Advisor and the kinds of things we should look out for in the proposed website content.  For example, we have heard repeated references to "market commentary" and we will need to develop some sort of guidelines to give the commentators. 
 Please revise my entry in the Web Directory to show my new e-mail address - Mark.Taylor@enron.com - and my Greek affiliation as Zeta Beta Tau. ? Thanks! ? Mark Taylor, '78 
 Looks good! 
 I agree with you on 1, Passport should be Password and I have put a call in to Tony Pryor to ask about #3.    David Forster@ENRON 06/08/2000 05:58 PM 
 Here is the most recent draft of the Posting Agreement which we would like to discuss with you at our meeting tomorrow. 
 This is certainly a tough one.  We go to great lengths to avoid regulation here and have been fairly successful to date.  We do have some oversight from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) regarding our power trading and pipeline activities and local state regulators keep an eye on our purely intrastate pipeline activities, but for the most part we are unsupervised. If it helps, we conduct our derivative trading operations in accordance with Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) regulations (but that's just complying with the Eligible Swap Participant and Trade Option Exemption rules).  It is true we are a member of the NYMEX and subject to their rules but they relate almost exclusively to trading on the NYMEX.  It might be more helpful to talk to the guys in London about our SFA regulatory status.  We have quite a bit more supervision there than we do here in the states.    David Minns@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 06/13/2000 02:56 AM 
 Sorry about the delay.  Here are my responses: 1.  Yes, this is primarily a tax issue.  However, there are some countries with strange laws regarding internet usage and we have covered some of those issues with specific PA provisions for those countries.  2. No.  Only one user from each counterparty has to accept the GTC and that only the first time they trade that product.  The GTC's are arranged by "Product Type" so you only have to agree to it once for that type - regardless of how many products there are - so for example you only agree to the financial derivatives GTC once no matter how many different types of swaps and options you subsequently trade.  3. No.  But if that would be helpful it can be arranged.  4.  This one doesn't make much sense to me.  EnronOnline itself doesn't make any money.  There is no advertizing, and EnronOnline doesn't trade - the trades are all done by the various Enron trading entities.  EnronOnline is actually providing them a service.  5.  I really have no idea.  I guess we would have to print out the records and have one of the IT people testify that they had not been modified.  6. So far we haven't deleted anything.  If we need to keep the records for a long time we probably can but this has not been discussed.      Brent Hendry@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 06/08/2000 11:36 AM 
 Were you thinking about presenting re: EnronOnline or attending to hear what the others have to say?    Mark E Haedicke 06/14/2000 08:48 AM 
 Thanks for your note.  It is kind of exciting.  I think this attachment is probably the treaty you want.  I'm sorry it didn't "save" better but I think you can probably print it out legibly.  I have a copy printed from Westlaw.  Let me know if you want me to fax it. 
 Here is my first cut - what do you think? 
 Here is the language I mentioned in my voice mail.  Cynthia Sandherr's office should be getting in touch this afternoon with the addresses, forms of address, etc.  The letters need to be hand delivered in DC on Monday so they need to be fed exed to our DC office tonight.  Please call if you have any questions.  Thanks!  Mark 
 Dan - How does this look? 
 Jason Peters (x39720) will be able to go with you - you might meet with him a bit ahead of time to fill him in on what you plan to do. 
 This looks like and ISDA comparison to me.  I'm not sure who is next on the list...... 
 Sorry for the delay - this looks fine to me.    Julie Ferrara 06/14/2000 04:56 PM 
 What about a "Personal Best" award? 
 Jeff & Carol:  As you work through these issues, please remember that even though the Mexico commercial group may not plan to offer many of their own products and may not expect many other products to appeal to their customers, the EnronOnline people will expect all products listed online to be available unless we can articulate a compelling reason to restrict them.  Mark    Jeff Blumenthal 06/20/2000 11:53 AM 
 FYI 
 Dave:  Here is the agreement I received from London which I have revised to apply to the Chicago situation.  Let's consider this a rough draft at present.  It does identify some interesting issues regarding how this will work.  let's get together and go through it and see what we need and what we don't.  Let me know what time works for you.  Mark 
 Craig -  There was nothing attached to your e-mail so I assumed you were sending something by hard copy - we haven't received anything yet.  Mark    Craig Breslau 06/03/2000 02:58 PM 
 I was here.    Taffy Milligan 06/22/2000 05:27 PM 
 Thanks for figuring this out!    Taffy Milligan 06/27/2000 06:07 PM 
 Outside counsel reviewed EnronOnline content such as the FAQ, Legal and Privacy Statement and anything else we were concerned might create the basis for an agreement regarding how the site was used.  We reviewed everything else internally.    Travis McCullough 06/27/2000 08:02 PM 
 It's that time again.  We need to prepare our group and individual goals for 1999.  Please give these some thought and give me your suggestions for our group's goals by the end of the week.  Thanks,  Mark 
 I've never heard of these guys - not sure who this could have been meant for.    Mark A Taylor@EES 06/28/2000 06:30 AM 
 Will the Reuters feed contain a time stamp?  Some other sites let you know what  time the trade was done that resulted in the quote.    James Bruce 06/28/2000 08:03 AM 
 We may have a problem with adding our own time stamp.  First, I believe our agreement with Reuters limits our ability to modify their content and restricts what we can say about the current nature of the quotes (they are time delayed) and second, we don't want our time stamp to make people believe that the quote was even current as of that time - since it won't be.  It might be ok to have the entire quotes section headed by a line indicating when it was last refreshed.  Many sites providing quotes like this have a line (usually towards the bottom) indicating the delay period and most people using those sites know they have to refresh their screen to update them. Jason Peters is the expert on the terms of that agreement, so if you still feel like you need to add something you might check with him.    James Bruce 06/28/2000 11:26 AM 
 FYI 
 Paul -  I think we handled this in Phase I through the Legal and Privacy Statement which is available through a link from each EnronOnline page, including the home page.  If memory serves, the advice (including the language for the Legal and Privacy Statement) came from Clifford Chance.  Justin will probably be able to fill you in on our thinking at the time.  Will that be sufficient for Phase II?  We can revise the Legal and Privacy Statement if that is necessary.  Mark    Nick Mooney 07/04/2000 09:50 AM 
 The EnronOnline guy responsible for the video is trying to get the contractor we used to get these guys to stop using our name.  Louise may want us to contact them if he is not successful. 
 As long as the coal lawyers have approved the contract forms it looks good to me.    Nick Mooney 07/05/2000 11:54 AM 
 This one came after the one you sent (which I commented on by voice mail) but is even worse.  I hope it was an earlier draft rather than a later one. 
 This sounds reasonable to me - any objections? 
 Either works for me.    Becky Tlucek 07/06/2000 04:10 PM 
 http://www.timeout.com/london/links/index.html 
 Michele:  Just to let you know that I have approved the following for Carol:  1. In addition to the 6 weeks that Enron allows for leave, Carol will add to that period by using any remaining vacation time that she has for 2000 (I believe an additional 10-12 days).  2. After that time is used up, Carol will be on an unpaid leave of absence until December 31, 2000.  Please let me know if there is anything else you need.  Mark 
 Let's stick with what we already have on order.  Is Frank ready to start Phase III as soon as Phase II is done?    Joya Davis 07/10/2000 09:16 AM 
 Attached is the story with my comments.  1.  I changed 'standard" to 'familiar' and deleted the reference to price discovery since these are elements of futures contracts, comparison to which we would like to avoid.  If the price reference is important, 'transparency' would work as a replacement for 'discovery.'  2.  The changes to the last paragraph are to avoid the suggestion that the PA and Reg. forms can be filled out online (they are available to be downloaded but must be signed and sent to us offline).      Suryan Wirya Simunovic 07/07/2000 09:07 AM 
 Thought you might be interested in this. 
 Do you know when they are building the walls around the cube we designated for Janet Moore?  She is concerned. 
 David:  Do you see any problems with a customer having the ability to chat with an Enron representative online?  Mark 
 Looks good to me - We should probably change Enron North America Corp. to EnronOnline LLC.    Leslie Hansen 07/11/2000 10:31 AM 
 Tana and I were unable to find anything useful here.  David Mitchell thought he might find something for us in his files and will send it to us but as he remembers it, we never got very far with the details.  He probably just advised that if we ever did set up a CTA that it should be completely separate - both in legal entity and staff - from our trading activities and should be Chinese Wall fenced  as well.  I'll send over whatever we receive from him and warned him that you might be calling. 
 My comments:  It's not clear to me what it means to say that Joe Hockey "joined" in the launch (end of first paragraph). They may be planning to update this just before release but the numbers in the fourth paragraph have increased (I think it's up to $90 bil.) . The word "values" should probably be "value" in the last line of the fourth paragraph.  Mark     Alan Aronowitz 07/11/2000 09:02 AM 
 Will this only be available inside the house? 
 Answer: Conde Nast Traveler  Mark E. Taylor SC471253  1322 Rutland Houston, TX 77008 
 As per John's request. 
 The most recent news is that Carol has been admitted to the hospital and is in labor - things are looking ok.  I'll let you know if I hear anything new. 
 Do you have time to talk about the direct connection issues tomorrow (Thursday) afternoon at 3:00 NY time?  I also have some new issues regarding the need (or hopefully lack thereof) for written confirmations of online transactions which we can tee up then. 
 On that basis I think we can go ahead without any trouble.    David Forster@ENRON 07/12/2000 10:08 AM 
 Do you want to take a stab at this?  I'm happy to go over it with you if you are unsure. 
 This looks fine to me.  I would feel better without the Big "E" on the screen since I wouldn't think you would want to give the impression that each of your trading floors was an Enron office. 
 Here is the revised confirm - let's chat about the issues I mentioned in my voice mail. 
 Here is the confirm with the "out" built in. 
 Note that the No "Out" version requires us to pay the premium on Tuesday! 
 The least we can do is pass this news along.  Is there anyone else we should tell?    Ted Bockius <Ted.Bockius@ivita.com> 07/17/2000 02:21 PM 
 I think it's a good idea since the provisional application is on file - Travis is the internal lawyer who has taken care of the patent application so he will have better ideas for where the words should be placed and appropriate look and feel (I would guess near the copyright notice and roughly equivalent size).    David Forster@ENRON 07/17/2000 06:15 PM 
 Does it make sense for us to set up a meeting with you participating from Buenos Aires?  I'm not sure we have much to tell them at this stage - actually, I'm sure I don't have anything new to report but if you do that would be fine with me. 
 FYI 
 If you need more, there is a proposal from the documentation committee for a new alternative for calculating termination amounts (we heard about it in Amsterdam) that I think will be particularly attractive to the energy markets.  I don't know where this stands officially (I haven't heard any developments since Amsterdam) but I can find out from Bob Pickle if you want.    Mark E Haedicke 07/18/2000 08:58 AM 
 Current Plan:  Days away: Sept. 21 through Oct. 3 (assuming you work on the day we leave and go back to work the day after we return) 9 work days  Wed. Sept. 20  - Leave Houston around 6:00 pm Thur. Sept. 21   -   Arrv. London early a.m., transfer to flight to Nice -  Arrv. Nice around noon?  rent car & drive to first hotel (less than 1 hour away); collapse Fri. Sept. 22       -  Stay in same hotel, visit Monaco, Nice? Sat. Sept. 23     - Drive to St. Tropez - through Nice , Cannes & other coastal towns, check-in mid afternoon Sun. Sept. 24    - St. Tropez Mon. Sept. 25   - St. Tropez Tue. Sept. 26    - Drive to Nice, return car, fly to Paris Wed. Sept. 27  - Paris Thur. Sept. 28   - Paris (Versailles or Fontainbleu - half day side trip) Fri. Sept. 29       - Paris (Giverny - Monet's gardens - 3/4 day side trip) Sat. Sept. 30     - Paris Sun. Oct. 1         - Paris to London in afternoon - probably by Eurostar train - (arrv. London late afternoon) Mon. Oct. 2        - London (meetings for CLH) Tues. Oct. 3       - Fly London to Houston (lv. around noon, arrv. around 4:30pm) 
 To make matters even more confusing, there are two Mark Taylors.  I believe the message you forwarded to me belongs to the Mark Taylor at EI (based in London).  Unfortunately, I can't forward your message to him directly (there seems to be a problem with the attachment).  If you still have it, can you send it to him at "Mark EI.London Taylor"? 
 I will take care of it.  Thanks for the reminder.    Janette Elbertson 07/19/2000 10:30 AM 
 Is there an hour or so tomorrow or Friday that Alan and I could claim to discuss the issues we teed up last week? 
 Numbers 2 and 3 still appear to be in the draft section.    Leonardo Pacheco@ENRON 07/19/2000 10:49 AM 
 Rick Buy asked me to chat with Sally Beck about this and apologized for not having consulted with Legal before submitting the report.  He indicated that the results were not cast in stone and should not have been characterized, at least in connection with legal documentation, as mandates.  Sally has been out of the office but promised to call me this week once she had settled back in and explain the origins of these suggestions.    Peter Keohane 07/19/2000 03:42 PM 
 Our Credit Dept. normally handles the distribution of financial information to counterparties.  Tanya Rohauer has agreed to look into this.    Michelle Cash 07/19/2000 01:53 PM 
 Thanks for all the docs - I'll store that in a folder until they make me clean out all my files again.  What I really need, though is the current North America versions - which have changed since last September.  Does someone down there have a Word version of the current ETA and PA for NA? 
 There have not been any revisions to this version.  If someone else needs to receive/review, please let me or Leslie know. 
 Sorry about the delay.      Janet Place@ENRON 07/20/2000 11:06 AM 
 As I mentioned in my voice-mail, this needs to go somewhere that users might actually see it - e.g. a news ticker story.  Simply adding it to the Legal & Privacy Statement, while helpful, is not sufficient.     EnronOnline will assist users, upon request, in arranging for direct access connection (such as a "T1" line or other means of direct access) to EnronOnline, as an alternative to internet access.   Direct access connections might enable users to access EnronOnline more quickly than is currently possible through internet access. 
 It turns out they're talking about something completely different.  I can fill you in on it next time we get together.    Leslie Hansen 07/20/2000 12:36 PM 
 I think we're talking about a Senior Legal Specialist position.  Do you have the posting that we used last year (when we hired Susan Flynn)?  I think it would have gone out in July or August. 
 You're right, we have not agreed to the final sentence with any of our other counterparties.  I doubt that the EOL people will let us do it (though we can always ask).  I have sometimes gotten counterparties comfortable with this issue by suggesting that the master user id and password should be held by someone in the back office, the control group or even the legal department so that when a trader leaves the master user can immediately shut them off.  It seems to me that this puts the risk and responsibility for dealing with rogues where it belongs - why should we be at risk if one of their traders decides to damage the company?  Having said that, I think that even without the last sentence requested we are probably in that position - if we have actually received the notice and request for termination of the password and don't do it, it would be very hard to defend if we kept doing trades and they can show they weren't authorized.    Leslie Hansen 07/20/2000 12:25 PM 
 My back office suggestion is that the master user id and password be held by the back office.  The master user has the ability to open and close sub-user (i.e. individual trader) user ids and passwords.  So if a trader leaves, the back office master user can immediately turn off the user id for that trader. They can react much more quickly than we can and certainly faster than 5 days.  I suppose the remaining risk there is that the back office person is the disgruntled employee.    Leslie Hansen 07/20/2000 02:23 PM 
 I'm not sure who Diana is - do you know if someone has been in contact with the COMEX and has received their permission?    David Forster@ENRON 07/21/2000 07:49 AM 
 The only changes were in the definition of Floating Price - otherwise this is the same as the "no-out" version we prepared last week. 
 Sally did not realize that the recommendations as drafted had referred to the master agreement process at all.  She indicated that if she had noticed that she would have deleted the reference and will revise the recommendations to that effect now.  The net result is that the only change regarding financial trading documentation will be to designate someone on the confirmation desk in Calgary to handle derivatives confirmations.  Jeff Sorensen will coordinate with Peggy Hedstrom. 
 I will be leaving at noon on August 4.  Please add to the calendar. 
 Any chance you can help with this? 
 Yes, I think you are right.    Teresa G Bushman 07/20/2000 05:09 PM 
 This message was returned to me - it looks like your name is misspelled in the Performance Management program. 
 It depends on what we need it for - if it is just to get the counterparty's financials, the Credit Group has a form they can send out without legal review.  If there is more to it than that, you may want to check with the paralegals and see what is in the current form bank.    Brent Hendry@ENRON 07/25/2000 09:16 AM 
 As we discussed. 
 How do you feel about this?    Andrea Calo@ENRON 07/25/2000 03:11 PM 
 I believe I approved this yesterday.  If further action is required, please let me know.    Information Risk Management 07/25/2000 05:46 PM 
 Simon:  Sorry about the delay.  I know we subscribe to various information services from Bloomberg and Reuters, but I am not aware of any relationship we have with Thomson Financial - then again that's not too surprising.  I suggest you talk to the people in investor relations and maybe the Info Central people who may have subscribed to such services.  The only way I would have heard about them would be if they were to be used for EnronOnline or in the highly unlikely event that they had consulted me on the subscription contracts.  Please feel free to call if I can be of any other help.  Mark (x37459)    Simon Duff 07/12/2000 07:39 AM 
 Paul:  Here is the FSA letter with my comments inserted in red.  I have tried to make it a bit stronger by deleting references to our positions being merely "arguable."  The language I deleted in the first part of 3.4 I thought was unnecessary and just point out doors that may remain open for the SFA.  The language added in 3.5 was an attempt to show how much EEFT does vs. EnronOnline.  Is there a reason we are referring to Net Works rather than EnronOnline LLC? It is also a Delaware limited liability company.  Are we afraid it may have a  I also wonder if the discussion of EPOL's involvement in 2.2 and 4.2 is really needed since the ETA is entered into on EEFT's behalf.  If this has not yet been raised by the SFA, it doesn't seem necessary to flag it for them.  My position would be that EEFT is a party to that agreement whenever it is necessary in connection with an investment.  Mark 
 Louise - These are excerpts from the most recent version of the PPM I thoug= ht=20 you might want to see.  The document itself is attached.  It strikes me tha= t=20 there are some remaining inaccuracies here but I don't know how strongly yo= u=20 feel about them.  PPM Page 12 The unique technology behind EnronOnline is primarily based on the=20 proprietary price manager software that Enron has developed to allow=20 real-time price updates to be displayed.  The price manager is a system tha= t=20 allows traders to manipulate the prices displayed based on activity on the= =20 site and in the marketplace.  The system can be set up to increase or=20 decrease posted bid/offers by a certain dollar amount in response to market= =20 movement or to a sale or purchase of a specific product.  The system also h= as=20 capability to link several products and adjust prices with the movement of= =20 any other product.  Traders continually monitor these movements and can=20 override or change a price at any time and the site will be automatically= =20 updated, thereby providing a liquid market at all times for the customers. = =20 Finally, the system is also capable of customizing some trades by combining= =20 the appropriate underlying transactions.   PPM Page 22 Louise Kitchen Managing Director - EnronOnline ENW Louise Kitchen is President and COO of EnronOnline and has managed the=20 business since the initiation of the project in November 1999.  Louise was= =20 responsible for the development and launch of EnronOnline and remains=20 responsible for the ongoing operation of the business.  Louise ran Enron=01= ,s=20 retail operation in the U.K. from 1997 to 1999, where she introduced=20 electricity sales as an incremental offering to natural gas, which led to a= =20 ten-fold increase in the customer base.  She joined Enron in the spring of= =20 1994, with responsibility for building a gas trading business for Enron in= =20 Europe.  Prior to joining Enron, Louise was employed by PowerGen, where she= =20 worked in electricity trading before taking responsibility for PowerGen=01,= s gas=20 trading activities.  Louise received her Bachelor of Arts in Economics and= =20 French at Kingston University.=20   PPM Page 25  The EnronOnline system is capable of handling over 3,000 price changes each= =20 minute, which is necessary to keep up with a volatile marketplace and to ke= ep=20 the best price available at all times.  Also built into this system are=20 checks and balances from risk control policies that monitor all positions a= nd=20 manage risk. =20  [and very similar to the excerpt from page 12 above] The unique technology behind EnronOnline is primarily based on the=20 proprietary price manager software that Enron has developed to allow=20 real-time price updates to be displayed.  The price manager is a system tha= t=20 allows traders to manipulate the prices displayed based on activity on the= =20 site and in the marketplace.  The system can be set up to increase or=20 decrease posted bid/offers by a certain dollar amount in response to market= =20 movement or to a sale or purchase of a specific product.  The system also h= as=20 capability to link several products and adjust prices with the movement of= =20 any other product.  Traders continually monitor these movements and can=20 override or change a price at any time.  The site is automatically updated,= =20 thereby providing a liquid market at all times for the customers.  Finally,= =20 the system is also capable of customizing some trades by combining the=20 appropriate underlying transactions to satisfy the request of the purchaser= . 
 Is it safe to assume that a UK entity will be the Enron party for all of these transactions?    Suryan Wirya Simunovic 07/27/2000 10:18 AM 
 Thanks to the DC team - Well Done!    Chris Long@ENRON 07/27/2000 04:34 PM 
 sorry for the delay 
 I have received a bill from LeBoeuf for work done in June on the ACE insurance matter for a bit over $36,000.  This included around 23 hours by PB Wright ($12,000) and 38 hours by SD Avitabile ($13,000).  Does that sound right to you?  I have to allocate this to the business units - should it all go to East Power Trading? 
 Please add Sara Shackleton (sara.shackleton@enron.com) from the ENA legal dept. financial trading group.    Craig Clark 07/28/2000 11:05 AM 
 Looks good to me.    Taffy Milligan 07/28/2000 11:35 AM 
 I'm sorry I've been so hard to get ahold of lately.  Will you be available this afternoon - say around 3:30 or 4:00 (I'm pretty well booked until then). 
 Which makes it hard to call.  If you get this I'm at 713-853-7459 or you can e-mail back your number.  Sorry about that. 
 Justin:  Do you know whether we have acquired any companies with CFTC registrations of any kind (e.g. Commodity Trading Advisor or Futures Commission Merchant)?  I was wondering who was responsible for compliance matters if we have.  I hope you're well and all my best to Fran.  Mark 
 Looks fine to me.    Suryan Wirya Simunovic 07/28/2000 06:32 AM 
 Looks good to me - don't forget the ENA Legal offsite 10/5 & 6 (it's usually over by noon on Friday - Travis could probably let you know for sure).    Sara Shackleton 07/31/2000 08:38 AM 
 That works for me.    Patrick Hansen@ENRON 07/31/2000 09:55 AM 
 I saw this on the internet & thought I'd pass it along.....  Eating fish does contribute to your intelligence, particularly before and just after you're born.  A researcher at the University of Connecticut has found that some fish are high in a certain chemical that's vital to brain and nerve cell growth in fetuses and newborns.  Babies can't make enough docahexanoic -- or DHA -- a fatty acid that helps the brain develop. They must take whatever their mothers give them, either through the umbilical cord or by breast-feeding after they're born. And note that baby formula isn't fortified with DHA.  Women who eat cold-water species, like salmon, trout, sardines and tuna, give their babies a better chance at maximizing brain tissue development, the research found. Other fish high in the chemical are herring, swordfish and mackerel. 
 It would be nice if they could give us a counterparty name - I've never heard of Jerry Peskuchi.    Tana Jones 08/04/2000 09:16 AM 
 Did you get this?  I didn't see your name on the addressee list. 
 Taffy - could you please reply & coordinate with the relevant people. 
 Travis -  In Phase I we had the copyright notice on every page.  Can we get away with having it only on the home page?    Travis McCullough 08/03/2000 05:28 PM 
 Is this OK with you? 
 FYI 
 It looks like Phase II of our construction project (over where Julia's office used to be) will be finished on the 18th so she will be moving into her new office that weekend.  I now have the plans for Phase III and it turns out your office will be included in the construction area.  Phase III will probably start on the 25th.  That could always slip but I wanted to give you as much notice as possible.  Hope you are all doing well.  Getting any sleep yet? 
 Yes - please go ahead and forward a copy to Ed.  I don't think Mark Holsworth needs to be involved in this one.  Unfortunately, I don't know of anything directly on point other than the agreement we negotiated the last time (I guess Justin coordinated that - I don't remember reading it).    Leslie Hansen 08/08/2000 02:20 PM 
 This may be pertinent. 
 Looks like Justin has already contacted S&C. 
 The whole schedule has yet to be determined.  I'm still waiting for final seating charts from the other groups so I can figure out how to most efficiently get people moved into their new homes.  We'll let you know as soon as possible.    Suzanne Adams 08/09/2000 11:08 AM 
 My only concern is the 8 hours out of date reference.  As of when?  It might not be 8 hours old when they go to press so do we mean when it is being read?  Would it hurt to say something to the effect of "By the time you read this" as a lead in?  Are we sure that even this is accurate?  How long from press run til the first copy hits the street?    Kal Shah 08/07/2000 06:50 PM 
 That works for me.    Kal Shah 08/11/2000 01:03 PM 
 I spoke with Stacey Carey today after the ISDA call.  I reiterated that we have been willing to support the process so far on the understanding that we would prefer a bill that gives us parity with financial products and, failing that, the minimum we can accept is a bill which exempts (preferably excludes) energy commodities and hopefully metals from the Act.   She confirmed that ISDA will continue to push for the exemption or exclusion.  The comments from Treasury to Chris Long recently underscore that our "Phil Graham card", to the extent we have one, is a significant political strength for us and we should not play the card until we need to.  Stacey agreed with a statement made by Don Moorehead on this morning's call that Graham will not start to move in the process until the House has produced a viable bill. Given that we should probably not seek his help until a bit later in the process - possibly mid September.    Mark E Haedicke@ECT 08/11/2000 09:30 AM 
 FYI 
 Thanks for your note and glad to hear you're feeling better.  Yes we are all very sad about Jim's baby.  Many years ago my sister had a child who was born two or three months early and lived for several days - long enough to be held and loved - but his lungs were apparently just not developed enough and they couldn't save him.   I know how painful that was for them.   And I have to admit that experience made me very anxious when things didn't go perfectly for you guys that first few days.  I received papers from Julia regarding your options a week or so ago which I didn't send along because the next day Julia said HR had made a mistake in everybody's package and HR was sending replacement documents - I haven't received the replacements yet but will ask.  Stephanie has started and seems to be fitting in as far as I can tell at this stage.  We're all super busy but more or less keeping up with the critical stuff.  We'll look forward to seeing you soon. 
 (f) Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement, any master agreement o= r=20 any GTC to the contrary, any Transaction resulting from a Gross Error by=20 Enron shall be voided at Enron=01,s election and Counterparty agrees that a= ny=20 such voided Transaction shall be of no force or effect.  =01&Gross Error=01= 8 shall=20 mean the posting of any price that is [30]% or more above or below then=20 prevailing market prices, which difference is verified by the average of=20 quotations from three or more participants in the relevant market. 
 Any progress on the EnronOnline front?  I'm getting questions from the EOL team in Houston as to our time estimate to completion and wondered if you had heard back from outside counsel. 
 John - In case you need this right away, I've made a few changes below and this is probably adequate.  If you have a little more time, I can polish it up a bit tomorrow.  Just let me know.    John Peyton 08/14/2000 04:30 PM 
 Please remove me from your distribution list. 
 My comments are included (in section 1 only) 
 Please add the ENA offsite Oct. 5 & 6. 
 I talked to Kathy, gave her some basic advice to relay on the subject and told her that if Alcoa has further questions they can call me.  One issue for you - do you know whether or not we have a power master of some kind with Alcoa and did we need to send them an override letter? 
 Don't forget my half-day on August 4.    Taffy Milligan 08/16/2000 11:09 AM 
 I had a lengthy conference call with a bunch of Milbank lawyers this afternoon to educate them on the EnronOnline structure.  I received the attached message this evening - just fyi. 
 John:  Thanks for your note.  Brent Hendry is now our primary weather derivatives lawyer and I am forwarding this to him.    John Viverito@ENRON 08/16/2000 04:53 AM 
 FYI 
 The construction team has told us that your new offices will be ready some time next week.  Joya will be in touch to schedule your moves into your new homes! 
 I have reviewed the schedule and have a few questions/comments - nothing major.  I have left a voice-mail for Alicia and will be happy to deal with her directly if you want. 
 My comments marked on the attached. 
 Dennis & Michael:  It looks like this is an EnronCredit.com matter.  Could you please take care of this and coordinate with David Weekes or, in his absence, Gillian Johnson (in Houston).  Thanks for your help!  Mark 
 Elaine:  Please coordinate with the legal department in London on these issues.  They are familiar with arranging for Enron Corp. guaranties.  Mark 
 Thanks for dealing with Tana on these issues.  It is not entirely clear to me what you want the policy to be regarding which counterparties have access to Australian power products.  You probably already know that the EnronOnline people want every counterparty everywhere in the world to have access to every product unless Credit or Legal can justify restricting their access. Credit already performs a financial test on each counterparty to determine if they meet the CFTC Eligible Swap Participant requirements.  Unfortunately, that test is not as restrictive as the Australian tangible assets test.  It sounds like there should be a US$6 million tangible assets test applied by Credit before we give any counterparty access to Australian Power (this would be a total pain but certainly possible).  On the other hand, if you feel comfortable giving access to non-Australian counterparties  without that test being performed, we can do that, too.  Pleas let me know if we should ask Credit to start performing this test on all counterparties or if it should be limited to Australian entities. 
 Congratulations!  We'll have to chat soon. 
 (h) Jurisdiction.  Section 13(b) is hereby deleted in its entirety and=20 replaced with the following: (b) Jurisdiction.  With respect to any suit, action, claim or proceeding=20 relating to this Agreement (=01&Proceedings=018), neither party (i) waives = any=20 objection which it may have at any time to the laying of venue of any=20 Proceedings brought in any court, (ii) waives any claim that such Proceedin= gs=20 have been brought in an inconvenient forum, or (iii) waives the right to=20 object, with respect to such Proceedings, that a court does not have any=20 jurisdiction over such party. Nothing in this Agreement precludes either party from bringing Proceedings = in=20 any jurisdiction, nor will the bringing of Proceedings in any one or more= =20 jurisdictions preclude the bringing of Proceedings in any other jurisdictio= n.=20  and just in case you need it:  (b) Agreement To Arbitrate:  Any claim, counterclaim, demand, cause of=20 action, dispute, and controversy arising out of or relating to this Agreeme= nt=20 or the relationship established by this Agreement, any provision hereof, th= e=20 alleged breach thereof, or in any way relating to the subject matter of thi= s=20 Agreement, involving the parties and/or their respective representatives=20 (collectively the =01&Claims=018), even though some or all of such Claims a= llegedly=20 are extra-contractual in nature, whether such Claims sound in contract, tor= t,=20 or otherwise, at law or in equity, under state or federal law, whether=20 provided by statute or the common law, for damages or any other relief, sha= ll=20 be resolved by binding arbitration.  Conduct Of The Arbitration, And Authority Of The Arbitrators:  Arbitration= =20 shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act and conducted in accordanc= e=20 with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration=20 Association.  The validity, construction, and interpretation of this=20 agreement to arbitrate, and all procedural aspects of the arbitration=20 conducted pursuant hereto shall be decided by the arbitrators.  In deciding= =20 the substance of the parties=01, Claims, the arbitrators shall refer to the= =20 Governing Law.  It is agreed that the arbitrators shall have no authority t= o=20 award treble, exemplary or punitive damages of any type under any=20 circumstances whether or not such damages may be available under state or= =20 federal law, or under the Federal Arbitration Act, or under the Commercial= =20 Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association, the parties here= by=20 waiving their right, if any, to recover any such damages.  Forum For The Arbitration And Selection Of Arbitrators:  The arbitration=20 proceeding shall be conducted in [New York, New York][Houston, Texas]. =20 Within thirty days of the notice of initiation of the arbitration procedure= ,=20 each party shall select one arbitrator.  The two arbitrators shall select a= =20 third arbitrator.  The third arbitrator shall be a person who has over eigh= t=20 years professional experience in over-the-counter derivative products and w= ho=20 has not previously been employed by either party and does not have a direct= =20 or indirect interest in either party or the subject matter of the=20 arbitration.  While the third arbitrator shall be neutral, the two=20 party-appointed arbitrators are not required to be neutral, and it shall no= t=20 be grounds for removal of either of the two party-appointed arbitrators or= =20 for vacating the arbitrators=01, award that either of such arbitrators has = past=20 or present minimal relationships with the party that appointed such=20 arbitrator.  Confidentiality:  To the fullest extent permitted by law, any arbitration= =20 proceeding and the arbitrators award shall be maintained in confidence by t= he=20 parties. 
 This is the message I received - I note that it doesn't give any instructions on how to access the site - seems to me a hyperlink would be appropriate. ---- Forwarded by Mark Taylor/HOU/ECT on 08/18/2000 05:56 PM -----  Jeff.Bartlett@DealBench.com 08/18/2000 04:18 PM 
 I have now registered but have not yet entered my key to gain access to the deal. 
 Let's get together & discuss early next week.    Sara Shackleton 08/18/2000 05:47 PM 
 The revised draft looks good to me. 
 I haven't seen any of the press reports (even though I am in London and I hear that's where they were) but I thought this was a well drafted response. The only additional rumours I have heard indicate that the police may have been rough in their handling of demonstrators outside the fence at the plant construction site.  I remember hearing that there were times that the construction workers feared for their lives because of the vehemence of the protesters.  I guess that didn't make it into the Human Rights Watch (ever heard of them?) report.  Mark 
 Congratulations Jeff!  And great pictures - big brother looks a bit happier than the last time I saw him.  Mark 
 We should probably start thinking about an agenda for this meeting if only so that we can determine appropriate attendees and get it on their calendars. Do you have anything in particular in mind?  Were you thinking legal/regulatory/operations/business/marketing?  Hope you're having a fun weekend! 
 Can you please arrange EnronOnline guest user IDs for the following people (these are  lawyers at Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy helping on EnronOnline issues):  Edwin Feo  efeo@milbank.com Daniel Mummery  dmummery@milbank.com Eric Sanford   esanford@milbank.com Steven Kramer   skramer@milbank.com  Let me know if you need any other details.  Thanks,  Mark 
 That works to make it more bilateral.  I think we still have the fundamenta= l=20 problem that it is a basically flawed concept.  But that's not going to be= =20 fixed by drafting. 
 Hey guys - welcome home!  At least I assume you're home by now.  How was the trip?  I heard a bit about the departure but with any luck it must have gotten better.  Any hope you took digital pictures?  I have already told Linda but I wanted you both to know how great I thought your wedding was.  There is no doubt in my mind that it was the most special, beautiful, fun wedding I've ever been to.  Magical doesn't seem like too strong a word.  Thank you very much for letting me be part of it.  It's been about 30 years since I had been to that part of the world - it's easy to see why you enjoy it so much.  I was serious about sailing in the Caribbean at Thanksgiving.  If you are still interested, we really need to start planning right away.  I tentatively booked a boat but the real difficulty may be in finding flights - it is a busy travel season.  Just let me know.  Mark 
 This was one of your competitors - at least from the legal side - that we looked at briefly about a year ago.  http://www.legalanywhere.com/legal/index.html 
 Glad to hear the rest of your trip went well.  The 'normal' sailing trip is a week but that's not cast in stone.  In an effort to maximize days sailing and minimize days of vacation taken we usually fly down on a Saturday arriving in the afternoon or eve., pick up the boat on Sunday (you get the boat around noon) and bring it back the following Sunday (by noon), take a shower and head straight for the airport.  Because of the way the flight schedules work it's usually not possible to leave after work on a Friday and make it all of the way down there.  You could do a shorter trip, of course, but I never have.  I've gone for longer (we did a 10 day one-way sail from St. Lucia down to the southern end of Grenada, stopping in Bequia and Mustique, among others, along the way) but that's a pretty long trip and certainly not necessary.  Most of the charter fleets are based where there is plenty to do right in the area for a week.  One of the reasons for aiming at Thanksgiving was to reduce the total number of vacation days spent.  I get both Thurs & Fri off so I only have to spend 3 days to get a whole week - I understand the gov't may not be so generous.  I haven't taken all of my days this year so I can always carry some over to 2001 if that works better for you guys.  My views on when to go:  January - March Very fun since you will be sick of winter, very popular so a lot more crowded (harder to find a place to anchor for the night and have to make arrangements farther ahead), everything is open for business, high season rates.  April - May Less crowded (unless Easter or Spring breaks are late), shoulder season rates.  June - August No crowds (you may have some anchorages to yourself), many places are closed for the season (think beach bars and meals on shore), low rates.  September - October See June-August and add in highest risk of hurricanes (http://www.storm2000.com).  My guess is that people who planned their trips to the BVI for this week aren't having much fun right now but they got  GREAT deals and the Moorings will probably give them a refund.  I've chartered during this period several times and had a blast.  One time a tropical storm came through and we stayed on the boat in port - I still get mileage out of the stories.  You just have to be willing to live with the risk that it may not go according to plan (not seriously dangerous, though - you're always within easy reach of the base - if a bad one threatens you just take the boat back and let them deal with it).  November - December Hurricane threat drops dramatically.  Crowds pick up around Christmas, everything opens up again, rates start to go up again.  Bottom line:  I love the trips so much it doesn't matter what time of year - just let me know what works best for you guys.  Keep in mind that you do have to make arrangements at least 2 months in advance (more is better) to make sure you get flights and the boat that you want.  One last thought - it is possible for the main group to pick up the boat on schedule and arrange to be near the airport on a later day in the trip to pick someone up.  This is definitely suboptimal.  You learn a lot about the boat and the sailing area from the briefings the charter company gives you at the start and it limits flexibility to have to be by the airport on a certain day when you might rather have the boat at the other end of the island chain or wherever.  I'd rather put the whole thing off until we can all go at once but if it's the only way, at least it's an option.  Mark 
 October 5-6, 2000 The Woodlands Resort & Conference Center The Woodlands, Texas RSVP Form   Name:Mark Taylor     =20  Administrative Assistant=01,s Name:Taffy Milligan  =20  RC #1157   =20   ___X__  I will attend the Conference _____  I will NOT attend the Conference=20  Attorneys from the Houston office attending the Conference:  __X___  I will stay at the Conference Center Thursday night (October 5th) _____  I will NOT stay at the Conference Center Thursday night (October 5t= h)  Attorneys visiting Houston to attend the Conference:  Date of Arrival:___________________  Date of Departure:   =20 =20 _____  I will need transportation to and from airport  =20 _____  I will make my own arrangements for transportation.   RECREATIONAL ACTIVITIES:  ___  GOLF                      My handicap is:______________________ (Bringing my own clubs) Yes ___  No ___ ___  TENNIS                    My level=20 is:___________________________________________ ___  BIKING _X__  HEALTH SPA ___  SWIMMING ___  ATHLETIC CLUB  SPECIAL REQUESTS:  If you have any special needs (i.e., food/beverage; transportation; lodging= )=20 please list below: =20 
 I'm not sure what your question is - the purpose is so they can see the site.......    Sheri Thomas 08/22/2000 08:52 AM 
 I think there should be a Master Swap Agreement in place between ECT and EI. I suggest you check in Lotus Notes but I'm pretty sure Lisa did one about a year ago.  mark 
 Laura:  I'm just a lawyer and as such still operating pretty much in the stone age. The easiest way for me to look at something that is primarily text (minimal graphics involved) is to have it in a form I can just print out.  If it exists as a Word document that would be great.  I have not yet actually been able to see the phase 2 site.  Thanks,  Mark    Laura Johnson@ENRON 08/22/2000 09:49 AM 
 I didn't think we were confirming transactions between books, but maybe this is a first that crossed company lines - I would think we would confirm it through RMT as one ENA RMT trade and another RMT EPMI trade.  I'm assuming that the reference to EPMI Long Term Hedge is an EnronOnline reference to one of the EPMI trading desks and therefore it should be done as an EPMI trade.    Tana Jones 08/21/2000 04:14 PM 
 Dear John:  So sorry for the delay.  I hope it hasn't caused too much inconvenience.  I would have called to apologize in person but believe it or not I don't have your phone number!   Here are my comments to the draft documents you sent:  Part 1 (b)  In our other derivatives trading, the cross default test applies to Enron Corp. with a Threshold of US$100,000,000.  To accomplish this in the schedule, Threshold Amount for the Enron party would apply to our Credit Support Provider if there is going to be an Enron Corp. guaranty and the dollar figure adjusted accordingly.  Part 1 (d)  Has Baker & McKenzie recommended this?  We rely on local counsel advice for this provision but our preference is that the termination in a bankruptcy context not be automatic unless it needs to be.  The risk in the automatic situation is that the market moves significantly before we are even aware of the situation, i.e. the outstanding transactions terminate automatically, leaving us with an open, unhedged position which we are not able to protect since we are not aware of it.  In the U.S. the bankruptcy code allows us to terminate after the filing of a bankruptcy according to the terms of the agreement so we know exactly the time to rehedge.  Part 1 (e)  We usually choose Loss here as the method which gives the non-defaulting party the most flexibility.  Market Quotation is often suggested because of its apparent objective nature.  However, in many of the markets where we operate, quotations will not be available, where they are available they may well not be meaningful, and the Loss method gives flexibility (while still requiring commercial reasonableness).  Part 1 (h)(ix)  This Additional Event of Default only applies when there is no collateral annex.   When we have the ability to ask for (or be asked for) collateral in the case of a downgrading, we build that event into the Paragraph 13 to trigger a reduction of the threshold to zero which requires the posting of collateral to cover any open position.  If the party fails, it then becomes a default allowing termination.  Part 1 (h)(x)  Wouldn't the cross default be triggered before this could happen?  Part 2  Have our internal Tax people approved this?  Part 3  I am not familiar with the Representative Director concept or some of the corporate documents referred to.  Since Enron Corp. will be a Credit Support Provider, does it have a Representative Director, etc.?  The legal opinion requirement is one that we can waive if local counsel does not think it necessary.  In many non-US jurisdictions, local counsel have advised that an opinion be obtained - in some cases derivatives transactions are so uncommon that they might be outside the ordinary course of business and therefore require special board approval; in others, derivatives would not be permissible activities for a company unless express provision is made in the corporate documents, etc.  Part 5 (b) (g)&(h) These representations originate with CFTC rules in mind (although they may be helpful for other reasons as well).  If neither party is in the US, the CFTC reason may go away.  On the other hand, since we are choosing New York law to apply the argument might be made that US federal law applies as well.  If that is our theory, there are additional representations (the Eligible Swap Participant reps) that we should think about putting back in.  Part 5 (d)  We are currently evaluating whether we should revise this section to make reference to the ISDA 2000 definitions.  While I think we will get there, we haven't actually made the decision yet.  So far I guess we leave it the way it is.  Part 5 (j)  My only concern here is with the value of the Enron Corp. guaranty as a form for a guaranty from a Japanese entity.  Any differences in Japan from US practice we should be worried about?  Paragraph 13  I have to admit I'm not as familiar with the Paragraph 13 provisions as the Schedule.  My only concern here is with the MAC clause and it looks like there's a glitch in the form.  It seems to me that if the counterparty is only rated by one of the 2 major agencies we shouldn't be pegged with a MAC if only one of our agencies stops rating us.  The way it is drafted now if either S&P or Moody's stops rating us, even if the remaining rating is very high we will have a MAC occur.  The counterparty doesn't have to worry about Moody's at all.  Just a thought.  On the guaranty, you will need to run the choice of law and jurisdiction changes past Clement Abrams at Corp. Legal.  My only comment is that we would usually have a cap that is a bit higher (in this case maybe an extra $5,000,000) than the threshold in the CSA - that gives the counterparty a little wiggle room if we fail to post collateral after the threshold is exceeded.  Tana is preparing a red-line for me that hopefully will show all of the changes between the US form and the Japan form.  I may have a few more comments after I see how that comes out but don't expect many.  I hope this is helpful.  Please feel free to call and we can walk through these over the phone if that would be useful.  We should also talk about the most efficient way to prepare these going forward.  It might make sense for Credit to send their worksheets to the paralegals here for a first draft which would then go to you for review before going to the counterparty.  It may slow things down by a day or two but it would free you up to work on other things.  We're looking forward to having you back. 
 Dave - my comments are below in red.  I'm assuming that "end of the day" is the end of the trading day, but this seems a bit ambiguous since the trader in Japan may be thinking about a different "day" than the trader in London, etc.  Will the orders be cancelled if our trader removes a product during the day and then reactivates it?    David Forster@ENRON 08/21/2000 05:57 PM 
 www.enrononline.com 
 use the following link for enrononline: www.enrononline.com 
 use the following http:\\enrononline.com 
 use the http://www.enrononline.com 
 I saw this article on the internet and just in case someone cancels and you= =20 need any last minute ideas...    PLANNING CREATIVE LAW FIRM RETREATS By Daniel J. DiLucchio and Shannon Prown Over the years, retreats have been used for a number of purposes, including= =20 business planning, strategy development, consensus building and positioning= =20 reassessment. While the primary function of retreats formerly was strategic= =20 planning, law firms have discovered a variety of other reasons to hold them= .=20 General education, entertainment, continuing legal education, management=20 education, personal and professional skills development and other areas of= =20 interest to the members of a firm are some of the retreat topics in favor o= f=20 late. Careful planning and the articulation of clear objectives are the keys to= =20 conducting successful law firm retreats or off-site meetings. Yet, for thos= e=20 responsible for planning the retreat agenda, constantly developing new idea= s=20 is a challenge. The following table of topics is provided to assist retreat= =20 planners in designing creative, challenging and productive programs. The=20 general content or concept intended, the general format of the session and= =20 potential sources to present the program are also included. This list is no= t=20 intended to be an exhaustive account of every possible topic. The purpose i= s=20 to generate some new topic ideas. The following chart depicts some of our latest thoughts on retreat planning= . RETREAT TOPICS     Topic Content/Concept Format Source Marketing    Role Playing=20 Lawyers "role-play" client presentations, judged by clients or peers Interactive=20 Internal Resources or Clients Client Presentations Clients are invited to speak about their business environment and upcoming= =20 legal needs Lecture Clients Client Survey Results Presentation of client survey results, possibly followed by development of= =20 initial marketing strategies Lecture/ Interactive Firm Marketing Director or Consultant Public Relations "How to handle the press." Lecture Public Relations Firm or Consultant Corporate Counsel Views/Partnering What do corporate counsel really want from their law firm? Lecture Consultant or In- House Lawyer of Client Cross-selling Services: Principles, Tools & Tactics How to capitalize on cross- selling opportunities with the firm's client ba= se Lecture/ Interactive Consultant Entertainment    Comedian "Professional" humor Lecture/ Interactive Speakers Bureau Cartoonist Caricatures of lawyers enacting their favorite activity/fantasy One on One=20 Artist/ Cartoonist Sports/Entertainment Figure Popular sports or entertainment figure speaks about their experiences or a= =20 "cause" Lecture Speakers Bureau Motivational Speaker Self-help speaker may speak on a variety of topics Lecture/ Interactive Speakers Bureau Legal Education    Emerging Legal Issues Invite a law professor to discuss emerging legal issues Lecture Local University, Law Professor, Speakers Bureau or ABA Politics/ Government Invite a local politician or government official to discuss new or upcoming= =20 legislation Lecture Politician, Government Official State of Judicial System, Judicial Reform Invite a judge or court official to discuss the state of the judicial syste= m Lecture State or Local Courts, ABA Management Education    Alternate Billing Discuss alternate billing methods, the pros, cons and keys to successful=20 implementation Lecture/ Interactive Consultant Trends Learn about trends in the legal profession, including financial, management= =20 and business trends Lecture Consultant or Accountant TQM What are the principles of TQM? How do they apply to the legal profession?= =20 How do you initiate TQM in your organization? Lecture/ Interactive/Break-out Groups Consultant or Lawyer whose firm has implemented TQM Financial Planning Discuss financial strategies and profitability analysis Lecture/Breakout Groups Financial Planner, Accountant or Consultant Employment Issues Discuss changing employment laws and practices, e.g., ADA, discrimination,= =20 sensitivity training, etc. Lecture Labor/ Employment Lawyer, Consultant, Director of Human Resources, Law Professor International Opportunities Discuss current trends and opportunities in international expansion, joint= =20 ventures and affiliations Lecture Consultant, Professor Social Interaction    Myers-Briggs Myers-Briggs or other "personality" tests can be used to heighten awareness= =20 and understanding about co- workers Interactive Consultant or Psychologist Outward Bound Outdoors experience designed to encourage teamwork and enhance perspective Total Participation Outward Bound Habitat for Humanity (or other hands-on community improvement program) Participate in building (hands- on) low income housing Total Participation Habitat for Humanity, Local Church or Civic Organization Individual Interest    Asset Accumulation Income Management Make an investment counsellor available to meet with individuals to discuss= =20 how to best manage their personal income One on One Investment Firm or Individual Investment Counsellor Image/Etiquette Discuss proper dress, evaluate/critique an ensemble, etc. Interactive Consultant Retirement Planning Make a retirement planner available to meet with individuals to discuss how= =20 to plan for their retirement One on One Consultant, Investment Firm or Accounting Firm=20 Training    Delegation Learn how to develop younger lawyers, paralegals and staff through=20 appropriate delegation Lecture/ Interactive Consultant Stress Management Symptoms of stress and how to eliminate/ overcome them Lecture/ Interactive Consultant Rainmaking Demonstrate how to develop personal selling skills Lecture/ Interactive Consultant Teambuilding Roadblocks to teamwork and how to overcome them to build effective teams Lecture/ Interactive Consultant Time Management Basic organizational and time management skills needed to be productive in = a=20 busy law firm environment Lecture/ Interactive Consultant Conducting Performance Reviews How to use lawyer or staff evaluations as a strategy for mutual success Lecture/ Interactive Consultant Supervisory Skills Basic supervisory skills and how to get the desired results from those we= =20 supervise Lecture/ Interactive Consultant Technology Training Training can be developed for research, document management or other=20 technology tools Interactive Software Representative, Computer Support Group or Technology Consultant  DiLucchio, Daniel J. and Shannon Prown. =01&Planning Law Firm Retreats.=018= Report=20 to Legal Management. Altman Weil Publications, April 1994. 
 Here is a draft of a letter withdrawing the margin call.  Le t me know if you have any questions.      Wendi LeBrocq@ENRON 08/24/2000 04:38 PM 
 I think you can go straight to performance review - please let me know if it doesn't work. 
 approved 
 Kay -  Whoever put the boxes there should retrieve them.    Kay Young 08/29/2000 04:33 PM 
 Here is a draft of my presentation. 
 How are the paralegals doing on the Mexican project?  What would you think about taking them to lunch for Mexican food tomorrow? 
 I'd like to invite you all out for Mexican food for lunch on Friday to celebrate the conclusion of the August Mexico project.  Mark 
 FYI 
 My comments below.  I assume you have already explained to Mark Mey how the option works in excruciating detail.    John Peyton 08/29/2000 04:51 PM 
 Go for it.  Maybe Sara should go as well.    Robert Bruce@ENRON Sent by: Robert Bruce@ENRON 08/30/2000 02:14 PM 
 Jeff:  That sounds like a great idea.  Are there limitations on such meetings?  I would think we need to be careful to avoid any appearance of impropriety.  Mark    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Sounds reasonable to me.    Mary Cook 08/30/2000 02:04 PM 
 When I try to search offers I get the following error message:       The DBAccess Componet is NOT Installed. Please contact the system administrator. 
 Leonardo - Dave asked me the same questions last night when we were talking about a different issue.  Will that do for this week?    Leonardo Pacheco@ENRON 08/30/2000 12:57 PM 
 Carol - I would really like to come but unfortunately I will be leaving on vacation (to France) on the 20th and won't be back until October.  I hear you will be at the offsite but is there any chance we'll get a visit up here before then? 
 CONGRATULATIONS!!!!!!!!!!! 
 Approved re: monitor.  What is our policy on printers for lawyers?  I know a number of people (including me) have them but I don't know how that happens. 
 John - While we can delete Part 6 it then becomes necessary to add additional language in each confirmation which is not part of the templates for transactions used by the back office.  Each transaction would therefore require significant additional time and effort to prepare making it more cumbersome to do business with that counterparty.  There is no down-side to having the language in the master - the whole point of the master is that we agree to these things now so we don't have to deal with them at the confirm stage.  You can say "it's enough if the terms are referred to in the confirmation" for ALL of the terms of the master.  Since we would insist on the appropriate provisions being in the confirm in any event, if they have a problem with this language we need to know now what the problem is.  With respect to the CSA, that is an issue for Credit.  It is certainly not necessary to have a valid agreement but it is necessary if you want to insist on collateral.  In this case, if IBJ is a stronger credit than Enron it may well be that the csa is more of a burden than a benefit.  It strikes me as disingenuous to say that they don't have the internal systems for csa's with nonfinancial counterparties - the same systems would work for nonfinancial parties as well as financial parties.    John Viverito@ENRON 08/30/2000 07:49 PM 
 Here is the current list of countries (as per advice received today from UK counsel):  Approved: UK Germany Austria Switzerland Finland Portugal Poland  Approved if prizes are not awarded: Netherlands Norway Sweden Italy  Not Approved under any circumstances: Denmark Spain France 
 I'm not sure why that shouldn't count.  Any trades done can be booked into RMT and then into ECT if necessary to hedge with third parties. 
 Yes, Mary is still in 3807.  Is the printer you mentioned the smallest/cheapest one we can get? 
 It's not looking good for getting back to you today on this - shaping up to be a very bad day and we need to coordinate with Credit for their responses as well.  I have a call in to John Suttle and have forwarded the revised draft to him.  We'll do what we can.  I saw your reply to my previous note.  On this one point:  It strikes me as disingenuous to say that they don't have the internal systems for csa's with nonfinancial counterparties - the same systems would work for nonfinancial parties as well as financial parties.  IBJ is the most sophisticated Japanese player in the derivative market and one would believe that they could handle the documentation for both financial and non-financial entities.  I note, I have heard that it is not market practice for Japanese financial institutions to provide collateral to non-financial institutions, so it may be very difficult for them to alter their position.  I understand.  My view is just that it is probably not a systems issue but a position and it irks me to have the point made as a systems issue when it is not.  As we both agree, the  issue may be moot depending on what Credit thinks. 
 FYI 
 I've chartered in the BVI a number of times and it is a great place to take beginners.  I only caught your post of yesterday so didn't see the earlier thread.  I'm assuming you're picking up the boat in Road Town or nearby.  The only problem with getting away from the dock by 12 or so is if the boat isn't quite ready.  I've always used the Moorings so they're the only outfit I know.  They don't usually let you get started on the boat until after the chart briefing which means you don't go aboard until 10.  If you use their provisioning service it eases that chore but sometimes the food isn't there right on time.  Having several people (but not too many) around this time is helpful to put food away, take inventory, attend boat briefing, etc.  Of course, if you get the boat the day before - maybe with a sleepaboard option or some such, you have that much more certainty that everything will be done on time.  Check with your charter company about attending the briefings before sending the last person off to the airport - some companies may require 2 people from your boat to attend.  As for first day - if you are away by 1 I suggest heading over to the Bight on Norman Island.  There are lots of moorings there and you'll get one as long as you're not in too late.  It shouldn't take more than a few hours to get there and if it looks like it might be close you can always fire up the engine.  There are a couple of places (a beach bar and a boat) to eat and drink there if you don't feel like cooking the first night and although you can't call it deserted or even secluded because of the number of boats there, there is at least very little ashore to bother you.  The caves are just around the corner and the Indians right outside for great snorkeling/diving either that afternoon or first thing the next day.  Whether you go clockwise or counterclockwise doesn't really matter.  My advice running roughly clockwise:  skip Soppers Hole - just a commercial port with little of interest (unless you're clearing customs);  skip the USVI - all the clearing out & in & out & in can take a lot of time and there's plenty to do in the BVI - if you just have to go, the northern shore of St. John is the best - nice anchorages (several of the 'secluded' variety) without the crime on St. Thomas and the resort at Caneel Bay will let you come ashore for a fancy dinner (but make reservations and leave your trash on board - there's nowhere to put it);  Jost van Dyke is fun - anchor in Great Harbor or pick up a mooring in Little Harbor - Sydney's Peace & Love restaurant in Little Harbor still has an honor bar where you mix your own drinks & just keep track in his little black book while you're waiting for dinner, Foxie's in Great Harbor is a classic beach bar/rest. - lots of fun and good food & drinks;  Sandy Cay is everyone's image of a desert island and perfect for a lunch stop and a swim;  don't miss Cane Garden Bay (unless the northerly swell is too heavy) there's a wonderful swath of pure white beach with palm trees swaying overhead and steel drum bands serenade you into the evening - watch the reefs but the channel in is well marked;  if there's a full moon be sure to be on Tortola somewhere that night (Cane Garden works fine) to get to Bomba's Shack for the party - there are lots of taxis there as the evening progresses to get you back;  it's easy to pick people up (or drop them off) at the airport (close to the water with a dinghy dock) midweek if you need to and kind of fun to be met that way;  the Baths are a must but VERY crowded (no anchoring allowed - must use a mooring) so I'd try to get there as early in the day as possible (Cooper Island, Marina Cay and area by Last Resort are nearby for the night before) - maybe get up early, motor or sail over and have breakfast once you're safely moored - and be careful to use the right color mooring and avoid the ones reserved for commercial craft;  I usually skip Spanish Town (Virgin Gorda Yacht Harbor) since I'd rather be at anchor than stuck in a marina slip with no breeze, but if you stay there you can get a taxi to the Baths and top off with water in case your crew is not serious enough about fresh water conservation (and what crew ever is?);  the Bitter End is great for a long hot shower (I think you pay at the resort front desk) and maybe a 'fancy' dinner and there is also a water dock there (10 cents a gal.?).  Sometimes it seems like the distances are so short you don't get to sail enough - you shouldn't have any trouble getting a lot in (but you won't be able to see everything).  The only difficulty might be if you need to get the boat back in for an early flight but I've let people out at Cane Garden Bay to take a taxi to the early flight & then sailed around to have the boat back well before noon.  Having said that, I suggest Cooper Island or the Bight for your last night - it just makes that last morning a bit more leisurely.   And just as I mentioned for the first night, it makes sense to get into most anchorages early rather than late so you're sure to get a mooring (in those that have them) and don't have to worry about finding a spot for the boat - many of them can get quite crowded.  Of course, if you're going anytime between now and Thanksgiving there shouldn't be any trouble with crowds - just pay daily, close attention to the weather forecasts!  Don't expect much in the way of night life but there are places to eat at nearly every anchorage - many are closed in the low season.  A few of the islands have some good hiking but there's not much for the sight seers either.  But snorkeling and diving are everywhere.  Ask at your chart briefing for the best spots these days.  If you have divers along, don't miss the wreck of the Rhone - you can have a dive boat come and meet you there and bring along equipment and a guide for the divers.  The cruising guide will have lots of info on all these issues.  Wish I was going - it's always a blast! 
 Yes, thanks - these are mine. 
 The commercial guys have asked me for an update on where we stand with BP. Any news? 
 I sent Amanda & Bill an e-mail a couple of weeks ago and here is Bill's reply.  I sent him a fairly detailed note on how we usually schedule things and which were the best times of year, etc.  I haven't heard anything from Amanda and was beginning to assume they were not really interested in a November trip.  Have you heard anything firm from Virginia?  Bill's next-to-last paragraph tells me that he's getting to know Amanda - but I don't think she'll leave him alone for the holiday.  The real question is whether her uncanny ability will extend to his schedule, too.  If they still want to go we'd better make travel plans soon - that Thanksgiving Sunday is notoriously difficult to get seats.  If you'd rather wait until Jan. or Feb. that's fine with me too.  Just let me know. 
 I have no idea since I never read the original - I just thought it was an interesting approach to take when making a modification.    Louise Kitchen 09/05/2000 11:21 AM 
 Congratulations on your promotion!  Well deserved and long overdue. 
 I don't think I have any problems with this presentation - but can you give me an idea of the proposed audience? 
 Wow - too many choices.  Let's see, the day of the week charters start and end is not fixed - except that the boat has to be available on the days you want it.  We usually went Sunday to Sunday so we could get 2 weekends in and use the Saturday as a day to fly down.  It's much harder to get there from Houston than NYC (fewer flights) so it pretty much takes all day to get there.  The 3rd - 8th is a Friday through  Wed. - not optimal from the weekend point of view but doable I suppose  - it just means a 4 day instead of 7 day charter.  If you want to wait until Thanksgiving we could certainly manage with the 2 of us - particularly if we got one of the smaller boats - and it might make sense to go back to the BVI where we know the sailing won't be all that challenging (I hear the St. Martin area can get rougher).  Plan B sounds like fun too - and then we could all go together later (it seems mean to go without Bill) - New Years sounds like a blast to me!  What would you think about heading down the Friday or Saturday before (12/29 or 30) and spending the first week of January there?  That assumes Bill can get that week off and Amanda doesn't have to be back in school til later.  I have a couple of sailing friends here that might like to go then too if you're interested in a slightly larger  group.  They're a lot of fun, good cooks and reasonable sailors  too!    "Linda Hayman" <LHAYMAN@skadden.com> 09/05/2000 05:51 PM 
 We were working on Brazil (Andrea Bertone in Sao Paolo was heading it up) but I think they have stopped for now.  I'll look for her latest e-mail and forward it to you.  The others are all new.  Tana can give you the form of local counsel survey we have been using if you want it.    Travis McCullough 09/05/2000 08:06 PM 
 I haven't read this yet. 
 Here is the confirm with my revisions: 
 Please discard the version I sent a few minutes ago.  Here is a clean copy with one additional change and a marked copy to show all of the changes from the original: 
 Can you let me know who at BP in London is holding things up?  Larry Gagliardi here in Houston has asked so he can give the name to his counterpart in the US.    Justin Boyd 09/06/2000 06:54 AM 
 Nice try, but no.    Tana Jones 09/06/2000 04:32 PM 
 First choice: New Years if Bill & Amanda can get the first week of 2001 off. Second choice: Another time (I guess in 2001) when everybody can be there. Third choice: The week of Thanksgiving. I guess I would prefer not to go for a long weekend because it takes me so long to get there, although the Thanksgiving weekend is pretty long & might work if nothing else does.    "Linda Hayman" <LHAYMAN@skadden.com> 09/06/2000 05:29 PM 
 Can you check and make sure Hector Ramirez is still with ECT?    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 I had a brief conversation this morning with John Suttle (Credit) and it= =20 looks like he's going to insist on the CSA.  We are going to talk tomorrow= =20 and go through the whole agreement to get the rest of his comments.  While = we=20 have documentation for transactions entered into prior to execution of a=20 master agreement, the extent of their revisions makes me very uneasy.  Many= =20 of these points are very serious and if they can not agree we will have=20 trouble coming to agreement even on the short form documents.  It would be= =20 helpful if they could explain the changes rather than just sending us a=20 mark-up.  Following are my points responsive to their revisions:  Part 1 (a)  The addition of our affiliates has the affect of expanding the= =20 possible defaults too broadly and we cannot agree to these changes (for=20 example, this would mean that if any Enron affiliate went into bankruptcy= =20 this agreement would be in default).  (g)  This provision provides additional flexibility without any credit risk= =20 to the other party.  It should remain in place unless IBJ can articulate a= =20 reason to remove it.  Part 3 The language inserted is much to vague.  Our original version spells= =20 out exactly what is expected of the parties.  If the documents we listed ar= e=20 not acceptable, IBJ should tell us now what would be acceptable and if we= =20 agree we will put it in the agreement.  Part 4 (f)  By deleting the word "not" in this provision, IBJ is saying tha= t=20 payments due to each other with respect to the same transaction will not ne= t=20 (i.e. if we are paying fixed and they are paying floating, we each have to= =20 make the full payment to the other rather than netting the two amounts to o= ne=20 payment).  This is not acceptable.  (h) If IBJ will use their NY branch as agent, we should use Enron Corp or E= NA.  Part 5 (a) Our suggested language allows the purchaser of an option to=20 receive payments due even though technically in default under another=20 provision of the agreement.  Our position is that if there are no other=20 possible payment requirements due from the purchaser, the option should be= =20 honored.  (c)  The section we delete requires that the market makers be in the same= =20 city.  For many markets in which we participate, it is very difficult, if n= ot=20 impossible, to find multiple market makers in the same city.=20  (e)  The change to 10 business days is much too long.  This means we can no= t=20 have certainty as to the terms of the transaction for two weeks!  We can go= =20 as high as three days if necessary but even that is beyond common market=20 practice.  (g)  Their changes remove the ability to set off against obligations owed t= o=20 multiple Enron companies if they default and only allows set-off with each= =20 IBJ branch as a separate entity.  This may not be an issue if we will never= =20 trade or otherwise transact with them in any other Enron company and if we= =20 will never do business with any other branch of IBJ.  We usually don't like= =20 to restrict ourselves that way.  (i)  We absolutely insist on the confidentiality of our transactions.  If= =20 there is some revision to this section they would like we can discuss it bu= t=20 wholesale deletion is out of the question.  (j)  As with Part 1 (g) this section adds flexibility to both parties while= =20 maintaining flexibility within the corporate family.  Given the frequency= =20 with which Enron moves businesses around within the family, this section is= =20 important to us.  (k)  This section results from an experience we had with a counterparty tha= t=20 went into bankruptcy (and therefore default) while they were in the money. = =20 We disputed the amount owed and under the terms of the agreement (without o= ur=20 revision) we would have owed them interest at their cost of funds - a rathe= r=20 high rate given their status as a bankrupt.  We feel the non-default rate i= s=20 more appropriate.  (m)  I can't imagine why they wouldn't want this section included - it=20 protects us both.  (n)  You know more about this than I.  Part 6  These are all important issues for us and we can discuss them=20 individually if they object for some articulated reason.  If these provisio= ns=20 are not included here they will need to be included in each confirmation (a= =20 significant burden for our back office systems which are not set up for it)= =20 and we need to know now if they object to any of them.  Other revisions that they have made are acceptable unless Credit objects.  = I=20 hope this is helpful and sorry to have run on so long.  I'm happy to discus= s=20 any of these issues at greater length if you want.  It sounds to me like=20 IBJ's expectations regarding execution of documents are a bit high given th= e=20 volume and nature of their comments. 
 Agreed.    Dave Samuels 09/07/2000 08:07 AM 
 Good catch.  NY law should apply throughout the Americas and in Japan.  We used UK law in Europe and Singapore on the theory the counterparties there would be more comfortable with Uk law.  I'm not sure which the Australians would prefer.  What do you think of the following:  16.  If you are accessing this website from North America, South America or Japan, the terms of this legal and Privacy statement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York; if you are accessing this website from any other location, its terms shall be governed by English law.    Leonardo Pacheco@ENRON 09/06/2000 11:01 AM 
 Just a few comments on the letter: 
 Thursday and Friday are filling up fast for me but the early part of the week looks pretty good.  Let me know what works for your schedule.    Craig Young 09/08/2000 01:06 PM 
 How about 3:00 Wednesday?    Craig Young 09/08/2000 01:53 PM 
 The Sales Practices/Anti-Manipulation Training program covers the legal=20 implications of various activities of our commercial team =01) particularly= as=20 they interact with customers in marketing (Sales Practices).  The program= =20 also covers laws prohibiting market manipulation that might affect our=20 trading and marketing activities. 
 We can use my office if you like - EB3889.    Craig Young 09/08/2000 02:43 PM 
 Ken - what is the significance of "physical" below?  Hopefully as distinct from financial and not as distinct from derivatives.    RAISLERK@sullcrom.com 09/08/2000 02:25 PM 
 The latest PA is online.  I have printed out a copy of the current version and sent it to Alan.    Thomas D Gros@ENRON 09/08/2000 02:28 PM 
 Is there some way to ensure that the user reads this?  Do they have to click on it before it will go away or does it appear in a pop-up box that has to be acknowledged?    David Forster@ENRON 09/08/2000 03:42 PM 
 Approved. 
 Is this something you are working on? 
 Go for it.  That is shaping up to be the kind of day we may cancel the group meeting any way - my first day back after vacation and everybody trying to get lots done so we can get away to the Woodlands.  Be sure to let Taffy know so she can put it on the calendar.    Robert Bruce@ENRON Sent by: Robert Bruce@ENRON 09/11/2000 09:31 AM 
 Taffy Milligan 09/11/2000 09:20 AM 
 I'm not sure if you handle NYMEX margin issues or not.... 
 Welcome Back!  Looks like BP has finally signed.  As I understand it, this should open the way to get them signed up in the U.S. 
 Just FYI, I think the EnronOnline decision was to leave the User ID off of the Password Application as a security measure.  The User ID is sent separately (I think in a security envelope) so that the User ID and password are never written down in the same place.  And of course the system requires that the password be changed the first time the new user logs on so the Enron file copy of the PA won't give access to a user's valid password.    Alan Aronowitz 09/11/2000 10:37 AM 
 Approved.    LeRea Pharr Sent by: Messaging Agent 09/12/2000 10:07 AM 
 Amanda,  Thanks for your note.  It looks to me like the schedule breaks down as follows:  Possible Date: October 12 - 15 My Reaction: I will be speaking at a conference in Sedona, AZ (not known for its great sailing)  Possible Date: November 3 - 8 My Reaction: I have another speaking engagement in NYC right after that (makes it sub-optimal for me) plus Bill can't go  Possible Date: Thanksgiving My Reaction: You guys can't make it  Possible Date: New Years (travel Sat. 12/30, pick up boat 12/31, back in the office Mon. 1/8/01) My Reaction: Everybody can go - and since Monday is a holiday only 4 vacation days used for a full week of sailing - Perfect in every way (if we can get flights and a boat - I haven't checked this yet)  Possible Date: Later in 2001 My Reaction: Works for me but I hate to put it off so long  So my preference is to try for New Years and fall back on early November as a second choice.  If you want to go for less than a week now and a full week in 2001 when Bill can go we can do that, too.  What are you guys thinking? Since we won't be going at Thanksgiving, how are you going to talk your mom into dealing with the holiday?  Mark 
 FYI 
 I've been to Argentina - what can I tell you about it?  We need to get sailing soon!  Ever get to Houston?  I have a boat here but don't sail too much - just working too hard.  Hope you're well! 
 Party A=01,s obligations under this transaction are subject to approval by = its=20 Chief Operating Officer. 
 I will not be able to attend this afternoon's call.    Becky Tlucek 09/14/2000 09:36 AM 
 Just a reminder I'm off to the ball game tonight. 
 Taffy - please print this for Ken to take away with him today. 
 I have read about the Super Maramu 2000 and note from your website that you have a location on the Mediterranean in France.  I will be in Southern France September 23 through 25.  Would it be possible to visit you in Hyeres during that time?  Is an appointment necessary?  Mark Taylor 1322 Rutland Street Houston, Texas  77008  (713)863-7190 (home) (713)853-7459 (work) (713)646-3490 (fax) 
 Since I will be leaving tomorrow, it might make sense to put reviewing this towards the top of your list so I can approve it in the computer before I leave. 
 Keith:  Please coordinate with Susan Bailey who can take care of the details for you.  Mark    Keith MacIvor@ENRON 09/19/2000 10:14 AM 
 Dear Mr. Barathon,  Thank you for your very quick reply.  There will only be two of us and we would like to come to see the boat but unfortunately we will not have time to spend the day sailing.  We will be staying in St. Tropez at Residence de la Pinede (33)04 94 55 91 00.  Regards,  Mark Taylor    "amel" <amel@amel.fr> 09/19/2000 11:28 AM 
 Steve:  I have now heard back from both Louise and Andy and neither one will be available.  Unfortunately, Mark has now left again and I am on my way out on vacation for a couple of weeks.  It might make sense for you to contact Mark directly since you will be able to get to him before I can.  Sorry about that.  Mark    SKramer@milbank.com 09/20/2000 11:25 AM 
 As the office construction process continues, your offices will be among the next to be demolished & reconstructed.  While the current timetable is not firm, it looks like your moves will be scheduled sometime between the 5th to the 13th of October (this means the move may take place during the ENA offsite).  I just wanted to give you as much warning as possible so you could begin the packing process.  Joya Davis will have details of your new (in some cases temporary) office locations, can help with obtaining boxes and will schedule the actual move. 
 Your new offices will be ready in a week or so.  We anticipate your moves will take place over the weekend of September 29.  Joy Davis will coordinate your moves and can help with obtaining boxes, etc. 
 Sorry - forgot to cc you on this one. 
 FYI 
 For emergency use:  9/21 - 9/23 -  Eze, France Chatueau de la Chevre d'Or 011-33-4-92-10-66-66  9/23 - 9/26 - St. Tropez, France Residence de la Pinede 011-33-4-94-55-91-00  9/26 - 10/1  -  Paris, France Pavillon de la Reine 011-33-1-40-29-19-19  10/1 - 10/3 -   London, England 41 Buckingham Palace Road 011-44-20-7300-0041 
 Marc -  Bummer - this is the last message I'm sending and then I'm out the door for the airport.  We're on our way to France - not back until 10/4.  Mark 
 Tanya - I just got back from vacation to find this waiting.  Do we need to do anything?  Mark 
 Yes, unfortunately, we aren't going to get ours until the 5th.  No explanation was given.  We may get the numbers a day or so ahead of time but I haven't gotten them yet.  We should set up a time to do your review in the next day or so, also. 
 Thanks for all of the recent forwarded messages - they have all been mine. Sorry for not getting back to you sooner but I've been out of town. 
 Any hope of  a time for Lisa?  Please get in touch with her and let her know the situation. 
 These don't look complete to me - e.g. Contractual Currency, Index definition, Volume reference.    Melba Lozano 10/04/2000 05:26 PM 
 Thanks for the note - I'll be there.    Janette Elbertson 10/04/2000 12:32 PM 
 Did you have a chance to talk to Lisa? 
 Sheri -  I don't remember being consulted about sending these documents by e-mail (but that doesn't mean it didn't happen - just that I don't remember it).  It sounds like a valid concern - any reason we can't just send people to the web site and ask them to print out the relevant PA?  Mark    Sheri Thomas 10/03/2000 10:05 PM 
 Just wanted to make sure you had this. 
 Looks good to me.    Tana Jones 09/26/2000 06:20 PM 
 Thanks very much for your memo. 
 Please call this person and let them know I am not going. 
 Please order a flat screen monitor for me. 
 Clare,  Thanks for your note.  Your e-mail trouble is due to the spelling of Tana's name - should only be one 'n.'  I am forwarding this on to her.  Mark    Clare.Godson@AllenOvery.com 10/09/2000 04:50 AM 
 All of these should now use EnronOnline, not ENA. 
 Justin:  Do you know what other business MG London Inc. is or anticipates doing with these same counterparties?  It may make a difference if they are acting for these customers as an FCM.  Mark    Justin Boyd 10/16/2000 05:22 AM 
 Probably should add Mark Evans for London generally.  Matt Lee for Singapore?    Tana Jones 10/13/2000 05:12 PM 
 We should get together with the right tax person/people - maybe Jeff can figure this out.    Tana Jones 10/13/2000 05:07 PM 
 Janette - Here is the report with my changes - I have not been able to find Travis or Anne to see what changes if any they would like to add but will let you know when I hear from them.  Mark T. 
 Stephanie Harris called back this morning to say that Jim will not be in the office on any of our proposed dates.  She suggests we try the first week in March.  Any possibilties there? 
 I'd be happy to take them if they're available.    Janette Elbertson 10/17/2000 01:55 PM 
 Mike -  I have trouble getting some of the e-mails sent to me from Buenos Aires but not all.  I received this one from you today, one on the 9th and one on Sept. 25th.  If the internal address doesn't seem to work, you should probably use mtaylo1@enron.com.  Mark    Michael Guerriero@ENRON 10/17/2000 10:59 AM 
 Greg,  Here is the ETA version in my directory.  I think a few minor changes may have been made (e.g. EnronOnline LLC is now the Enron party) and the definitive version is on the website.  You can access it there if you have a guest user ID.  If you need an ID, just let me know and we'll have the EOL people issue one for you.  I'm also attaching an early version of the Password Application (current versions also online and accessible even without an ID) since it may cover a few issues not addressed in the ETA.  I usually think of the two pieces as one agreement.  Mark        Greg Johnston 10/17/2000 06:21 PM 
 Looks good to me - sorry I've been so hard to get ahold of.  Mark    Alfred Pennisi@MGUSA 10/18/2000 01:41 PM 
 Sorry about that - the request came while I was out of town and I missed it - have now approved.    Sara Shackleton 10/18/2000 01:35 PM 
 Sami -  I will be in the office all week - how about 10:00 a.m. Houston time on Thursday?  Mark    Sami Arap@ENRON 10/18/2000 03:43 PM 
 Greg:  Here are my comments to the first of the Long Descriptions.  I was afraid I might be missing something about the way you guys do these deals in Canada so I thought I would run this one by you first to make sure I had the concepts right before I tackle the rest of them.  Thanks,  Mark    Greg Johnston 10/19/2000 02:22 PM 
 Oops - forgot the attachment: 
 Can you reply to Justin & let him know where we stand? 
 Are you guys around this weekend?  Any particular plans? 
 Initial thoughts -  Can we use Enron Australia as the counterparty to avoid these issues for now, and then when a book has been established assign all the positions to Enron Japan?  Can we get (or maybe give?) the rep if we soften it a bit by taking out the word "ordinary" or maybe the entire phrase "in the ordinary course of its business"?  Is there a government agency that can give us an opinion or "no action" type of letter to give us some comfort that we are OK?  It may not be quick enough to get us through this trade but it might open the door for future business.  If the end result is that there is no adequate fix and local counsel advises that we are taking significant potential criminal liability, I would think that both parties would be willing to agree to unwind the trade.  If necessary, my suggestion would be to raise the potential for criminal sanctions issue to Mark H.  (What are the potential sanctions?)     Jane McBride@ENRON 10/20/2000 05:26 AM 
 Brent - does this mean Tana should not allow any non-Argentine customers to have access to these products?  The general rule has been to allow complete access unless there was a legal impediment - logic regarding who will want to trade what doesn't seem to enter into it.    Tana Jones 10/20/2000 09:49 AM 
 Let's be sure to keep this in mind as we do future resolutions. 
 Here is the confirm template (used when an ISDA Master is in place)   This is the index language for EnronOnline.  We would use something similar for the offline confirms. 
 I got your voice mail and agree with the strategy of meeting with the Senator's staff before sending the letter.  It would be embarrassing to suggest that we don't have a view on issues that should be important to us.  Re: the letter itself, if you want to make it even stronger, you could point out in your discussion of EnronOnline that we believe that the site could have been designed such that the volume of business through the site would have been significantly larger but for the uncertainty and restrictions in existing law and regulation which would be corrected by the bill. 
 Here are my revisions.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
 You can remove me from the distribution list. 
 Thanks for the resume - I'm looking at a number of internal candidates from APACHI, CALME and Southern Cone but will keep this one on file (and pass it along - might be good for Richard Sanders).    Louise Kitchen 10/23/2000 09:52 AM 
 "Theaker, Helen" <htheaker@velaw.com> 10/23/2000 06:59 PM 
 My impression is that this now being handled in Global Finance.  You might try Jordan Mintz or Gareth Bahlmann.    Jon Chapman 10/23/2000 12:08 PM 
 I'm flying solo this weekend.  No particular plans after happy hour with the office tonight. 
 Here's the financial trading piece - I may not have all of the formats quite right. 
 just a couple of minor changes - what is the last sentence about? 
 Thanks Dale - looks good to me.    Dale Neuner 10/24/2000 03:18 PM 
 Yes, I'll take the call.    Janette Elbertson 10/24/2000 04:17 PM 
 This one should go to the crude traders. 
 Mark Haedicke has asked me to submit a list of our "top ten legal risks" - please let me know of anything you think should be included in the list. 
 FYI 
 Yes, thanks.    Tana Jones 10/25/2000 12:53 PM 
 Yes - as I understand it, Stephanie and Tana will be out that week but Samantha and Susan will be here.    Taffy Milligan 10/25/2000 10:47 AM 
 I have volunteered for Nov 3/4.    Mark E Haedicke 10/25/2000 09:21 AM 
 Sasha:  Thanks very much for adding me to the database.  If I could impose upon you once again, would you please also arrange access for Tana Jones?  She is going to assist me with the database project you and I discussed and I think your database will be a big help.  Thanks again!  Mark 
 Here it is. 
 My answers below in red.    Bob Bowen 10/19/2000 10:39 AM 
 The confirm form is one of the many current templates used by the confirm desk depending on the specific transaction type and the counterparty.  For instance, this template is not the used for a swap (e.g. not a cap, floor, collar or swaption) and would not be used even for a plain vanilla swap if the customer had not signed an ISDA Master Agreement.  The index language can be used in a variety of contexts but again depends on exactly which type of trade you are doing.  But I thought you guys had decided to use the first price published in the following month rather than the average of the entire month language attached so this may not be the final version.    Kim Stanley@ENRON 10/25/2000 04:02 PM 
 Unfortunately Euromoney is no longer offering their courses.  They were by far the best around and it's a real shame.  There is a PLI course being offered in NY in mid November (at which I'm speaking on commodity derivatives) and ISDA has a conference in London on collateral arrangements and the ISDA Credit Support Documents.  Neither is anywhere near as good as the old Euromoney courses but both would probably benefit Jane.    Alan Aronowitz 10/25/2000 04:16 PM 
 yep - thanks! 
 Dale - better check your address book - this one went to the other Mark Taylor. 
 I'm not sure if you guys are on this mail list but here is the most recent message from Stacey at ISDA. 
 Agreed - can you please confirm directly with Erica that Tax has no problem with Enron Credit.com contracts being signed in the US.    Tana Jones 10/26/2000 08:23 AM 
 Please print this out and put a copy in our file for Colombian trading (Tana may know where that should be). 
 Please print these out for me, create a file for them called EnronOnline Pipeline Capacity and bring it to me. 
 Happy hour with staff, not family :-( 
 Thank you!    Sara Shackleton 10/26/2000 10:35 AM 
 I have confirmed with Mark Holsworth that he is the right guy for this - he has a form agreement that Enron uses for these situations.    Rahil Jafry 10/26/2000 11:01 AM 
 Would you guys please take a look at this and let me know if I can approve it in the system?  Thanks 
 yes, I think that's the idea. You may need to monitor and advise. 
 Bob:  Here is a powerpoint presentation that may give you a bit of a feel for the site and actually has a couple of slides on the submission screens that will show areas not accessible with a guest user ID.  Mark 
 Kathy:  Please issue a guest user id to Bob Lawrence at Milbank Tweed Hadley & McCloy.  Bob is  a lawyer helping us with various EnronOnline matters including Broker Connect.  His e-mail address is rlawrence@milbank.com.  Thanks,  Mark 
 John - what about something like this?     John Peyton 10/27/2000 11:37 AM 
 Sami - apologies for not getting back to you - it's been a crazy week or two.  Can we talk early next week?    Sami Arap@ENRON 10/24/2000 12:55 PM 
 works for me    Louise Bird 10/30/2000 07:43 AM 
 I won't be able to be on the 11:30 call this morning.  I have given Elizabeth a copy of the 'omnibus' document we probably used if the put options sold to Puget Sound were derivatives and described the arguments we could make that the imposition of the proposed price cap would be a Market Disruption Event. If it is a Market Disruption Event the most likely outcome under the contract (since it will last more than 3 days and we presumably will not be able to negotiate an agreed price) is that "the Floating Price shall be determined in good faith by ENA, by taking the average of two or more dealer quotes."  I'm not sure what dealer quotes would get us under these circumstances.  Can dealers quote prices in excess of the price cap?    Richard B Sanders 10/29/2000 09:01 AM 
 Just a few changes below.    David Forster@ENRON 10/23/2000 09:15 AM 
 Janette:  This may be more than you were looking for - let me know if you want me to pare it down a bit.  I assume we will have the opportunity to revise these as time goes on......   The Financial Trading/Net Works Group is responsible for the legal issues relating to the derivatives and agriculture commodities trading of Enron companies in the Americas and serving the legal needs of Enron Net Works LLC.  The derivatives trading includes natural gas, power and other energy commodity derivatives, weather, pulp & paper, interest rate, currency, credit, metals and equity related transactions.  The group drafts form templates for confirmations, drafts and negotiates master agreements with counterparties on a variety of forms and deals with issues raised by customers in connection with specific transaction confirmations.  Enron Net Works issues include the operation of EnronOnline and related trading sites and the various contractual and investment activities of Enron Net Works. The group coordinates the legal approval process for granting customer access to EnronOnline.    Janette Elbertson 10/30/2000 09:08 AM 
 Sorry about the delay.     Andrew Wilson@ENRON 10/25/2000 01:55 PM 
 Please be sure to access the performance review system as soon as possible to select persons to contribute to your review.  While commercial people are particularly helpful, you may select reviewers at any level. 
 Thought you might like this. 
 I will be happy to attend but do have a regular 9:00 meeting on Fridays.    Louise Kitchen 10/31/2000 08:31 AM 
 I want to underscore that moving just the banking stuff to a bill to pass this year is VERY bad and something we should vehemently oppose.    Chris Long@ENRON 10/31/2000 08:05 AM 
 Craig:  Sorry I couldn't get back to you earlier.  I  asked Tana Jones to get you access to our database that keeps track of financial master agreement negotiations so you will always be up to date on where we stand with the process.  If you haven't heard from her, please let me know.  Any word from Justin on which Enron entity we will use for trading in the U.S.?  Mark    Craig Young 10/31/2000 10:09 AM 
 Had a lengthy call with Milbank on Friday and another scheduled for this afternoon at 4:00 to find out how they're doing.    Andy Zipper@ENRON 11/01/2000 08:04 AM 
 I should be around all week - let me know what works for you.    Sami Arap@ENRON 11/01/2000 09:17 AM 
 FYI 
 Looks good to me.  Brent is the only other lawyer out that day.    Sara Shackleton 11/02/2000 05:18 PM 
 Edmund:  Have we submitted these forms for any new companies being formed? 
 Carol:  Thanks for your note and glad to hear you are all doing well.  I'd love to have lunch - let's do it on the 21st (I'm out of town the earlier dates and the 22nd is the day before Thanksgiving).  We do have a lot to catch up on (EGFinance changes, new hires for the group, new internal lawyers for the group, office space issues) - I haven't wanted to bother you at home but things are definitely moving around here - as usual I guess.  Mark 
 I enjoyed it too - actually it's just as well that I was carted off when I was - I was sound asleep by 8:30 and still feel the affects. 
 It looks to me like another case of an obvious error (i.e. the counterparty should have known it was a mistake).  I'm afraid we've just been lucky that the numbers have been so far off - some day we're going to have one that is too close to call obvious. 
 Mark Haedicke is on the left, Mark Frevert (Chairman of the wholesale markets subsidiaries) on the right.   Yours truly, et al 
 My changes marked. 
 Please use the PEP system on your computer to suggest reviewers by the end of the day tomorrow at the latest.  It is important that your reviewers have enough time to fill out the reviews and the system closes for that purpose at the end of next week.  If you have any questions or are having trouble accessing the system, please let me know. 
 Here is the MEH e-mail I mentioned 
 My comments are marked on the attached.      Andrew Wilson@ENRON 11/07/2000 02:40 PM 
 Bob didn't make it to the meeting but did leave a voice mail suggesting that rather than creating a separate GTC for the brokers we refer to the GTCs already online for regular customers and have them agree to be responsible for the liquidated damages that would be calculated under those terms if the deal falls through.    RLawrence@milbank.com 11/08/2000 02:07 PM 
 Thanks David - these are fine.    David Minns@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 11/08/2000 10:36 PM 
 How about 2:00? 
 Thanks for your concern but please don't worry about it.  I was able to get a lot accomplished since I was already here and the phones weren't ringing so it was a productive morning for me in any event.  I don't think I'm available for any of the remaining Saturdays this year but I'll give it another shot next time.    Charlene Jackson@ENRON 11/08/2000 07:31 PM 
 Greg - looks good to me on the legal procedures.  My only comments would be (i) that I'm not sure that the confirm desk generates deal tickets (I thought they were prepared by the commercial guys) and (ii) we usually don't have the commercial guys sign confirms as a control matter, even when it's an unusual matter.  I agree about Tana.  Mark    Greg Johnston 11/06/2000 02:34 PM 
 Yes, I was on the call.    Janette Elbertson 11/10/2000 08:41 AM 
 Nothing has changed - we are looking forward to having you work with us as soon as possible and to the extent possible within your other constraints.    Francisco Pinto Leite@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 11/09/2000 07:08 PM 
 Just a quick note to give you as much warning as possible.  The current phase of the office construction process is almost finished.  We have been given a completion date when (we hope) your new office will be ready of Monday, November 20.  Your assistants can help you order boxes and arrange your move. 
 Just a quick note to give you as much warning as possible.  The current phase of the office construction project is almost finished (we have been given a completion date of Monday, November 20).  There is good news and bad news. First the bad: the office which you currently occupy will be in the next construction phase which will begin as soon as possible after the current phase is finished.    Now the good:  we have an office for you to sit in until your new office is ready.  Joya Davis has submitted the move request and will have details directly.  Your assistants can help you order boxes and arrange your move. 
 This issue was much easier when all we traded were energy commodities,=20 interest rates and currencies. The older versions of the policy provided th= at=20 no Enron employee may trade any energy commodity for the account of anyone= =20 other than Enron.  Beyond that, no Enron employee could trade a commodity= =20 which was within their area of responsibility.  For example, I was not=20 permitted to trade natural gas futures for my own account but, since intere= st=20 rates and currencies are not within my area of responsibility, I could trad= e=20 them.  As the scope of our trading activities expanded it became more=20 difficult to identify the scope of the company's concern, much less to=20 articulate it.  We did however take a stab at it and the result is below. = =20 This may be an area which could stand some clarification in the next versio= n=20 of the Policy. =20  For now, I would suggest that the term "security" highlighted below should = be=20 read to include equities and therefore not one of the commodities covered i= n=20 the second numbered clause (i.e. the word "other" refers to items other tha= n=20 those listed in clause (i)).  The result is that an Enron employee who does= =20 not trade financial instruments, securities, financial assets or liabilitie= s=20 for Enron may trade them for his or her own personal account.  To take this= a=20 step further, one could argue that an employee who trades the equities of= =20 energy companies for Enron should not trade energy company equities for his= =20 or her own account but could trade other equities - if it were me, I would= =20 certainly make sure that Ted Murphy agreed with my analysis before I did it= . =20 Of course, a wide variety of commodities remain clearly off limits for=20 personal trading - metals, ag commodities, bandwidth, freight, lumber, amon= g=20 many others - for all employees.  As I remember it, this was done purposely= =20 and if anyone disagrees with the scope of the policy they would be wise to= =20 discuss the matter with the RAC Group as they make suggestions for Policy= =20 revisions to the Enron Corp. board.  Employee Trading.  No employee of any Enron Business Unit may engage in the= =20 trading of any Position for the benefit of any party other than an Enron=20 Business Unit (whether for their own account or for the account of any thir= d=20 party) where such Position relates to (i) any financial instrument, securit= y,=20 financial asset or liability which falls within such employee=01,s=20 responsibility at an Enron Business Unit or (ii) any other commodity,=20 included in any Commodity Group. 
 I accept the terms and conditions of this Pilot Participant Agreement    ClickAtHomePilot2 Sent by: Suzanne Brown 11/03/2000 11:30 AM 
 I think your "final" office changed when your group changed - the East Origination/Gas Trading Group is in the southeast quadrant of the floor and they have given you 3882, just  four doors down the hall from where I am now.  The construction workers are gone for the day if you want to stop by and see it.    Kay Mann@ENRON 11/10/2000 03:07 PM 
 Looks good to me. 
 Unfortunately I'm already booked for breakfast (which is unusual for me). I'm free for lunch though on both days if you are.    EFeo@milbank.com 11/10/2000 12:48 PM 
 The first market disruption fallback (after a 3 day waiting period) is an "Alternative Price Source" which would need to be spelled out in the long description - but that only works if we have an alternative price source to specify.  It's also important to make sure that the feared event is included in the Market Disruption Event definition.  I think this is the relevant language from the GTC:  7.  Market Disruption.  If a Market Disruption Event has occurred and is continuing on any Trading Day, the Floating Price for such Trading Day shall be determined pursuant to the Floating Price Source specified in this Transaction for the first Trading Day thereafter on which no Market Disruption Event exists; provided, however, if the Floating Price is not so determined within three Business Days after the first Trading Day on which the Market Disruption Event occurred or existed, then the Floating Price shall be determined by reference to the Alternative Floating Price Source specified in this Transaction, if any, which is not subject to a Market Disruption Event.  If no Alternative Floating Price Source is available or has been specified, and the Market Disruption Event continues for more than three Business Days, then the parties shall negotiate in good faith to agree on a Floating Price (or a method for determining a Floating Price), and if the parties have not so agreed on or before the twelfth Business Day following the first Trading Day on which the Market Disruption Event occurred or existed, then the Floating Price shall be determined in good faith by Enron, by taking the average of two or more dealer quotes.  "Market Disruption Event" means, with respect to a Floating Price Source, any of the following events (the existence of which shall be determined in good faith by Enron):  (a) the failure of the Floating Price Source to announce or publish information necessary for determining the Floating Price; (b) the failure of trading to commence or the permanent discontinuation or material suspension of trading in the relevant futures contract, options contract or commodity on the exchange or market (e.g., NYMEX) acting as the Floating Price Source (the "Exchange"); (c) the temporary or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of any relevant Floating Price Source; (d) the temporary or permanent closing of any Exchange acting as the Floating Price Source; (e) the imposition of trading limits by the Exchange such that there are limits on the range within which the price of the relevant commodity may fluctuate in the prompt month and the closing or settlement price of such commodity on such day is at the upper or lower limit of that range; (f) a material change in the formula for or the method of determining the Floating Price; or (g) a material change in the content, composition or constitution of the relevant commodity.      Greg Johnston 11/10/2000 12:41 PM 
 I'm going to be hard to get next week - Monday & Tuesday I'll be in NYC (speaking at a conference), Wed. a.m. in the office and the rest of the week at the management conference.  If it works for you, any time the following week (20, 21 or 22) would be better for me.  If it is urgent, let me know and I will try to break from my meetings during the day on Mon., Tues. afternoon or maybe Wed. (but since that's the only time I'll be in the office all week it's already pretty full).  Just let me know - my assistant (Taffy x57373) can set something up on my calendar if you have a time you want to reserve. 
 Lunch on Monday would be great - anything in particular in mind?    EFeo@milbank.com 11/10/2000 04:34 PM 
 I'm speaking at a conference in ny again but never got around to making any plans - any chance you're free? 
 Hello from Texas.  It's probably been about six years since we last spoke but I thought I'd drop you a line to see how you were doing.  I saw Pete Datos for brunch when I was in town a couple of years ago and he seemed to be fine but I have been very bad about staying in touch with people.  Ted Bockius & I are still together - he works at an internet start-up company doing their public relations work.  I'm still a corporate lawyer at Enron working on financial contracts and e-commerce stuff.  I get to nyc 3 or 4 times a year so we should get together for a drink or a meal some time and catch up.  Hope you are well.  Mark 
 I'll be at the Peninsula (55th & 5th) (212)956-2888.  I will have my cell phone but no guarantees that the battery will last (713)206-8080.  Either of the places you mentioned would be fine with me - my conference is at the PLI Center (on 7th around 51st or 52nd).  Just tell me when & where! 
 I concur in David's analysis.  Any idea who the target market is in HK?  If we have specific customers in mind, would it be possible to approach them directly rather than making the password application generally available? It's not clear to me that even that would solve the problem since there would still be some targeted HK residents, just not the public.    David Minns@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 11/12/2000 08:14 PM 
 Wednesday morning is the only time I will be in the office all week and is already fully booked.  Will you be in San Antonia later?  Maybe we can meet then.    Michael Guerriero@ENRON 11/13/2000 07:32 AM 
 I'm staying at the Peninsula 956-2888.  I can't stay out late tonight because my talk is in the morning - what about lunch tomorrow? 
 I think I'll try to run this by Michelle Cash real quick - I'll get right back to you. 
 I'm following up with Cindy Skinner of ECT HR to try and get this resolved. Thanks for letting me know it was still an issue.  Mark 
 The system won't let me connect to approve your reviewers from outside the office.  I'll do it first thing Wednesday morning but since they'll only have 2 days left to fill out the forms at that point, if there are any you particularly want, I suggest you call or e-mail them to let them know it is coming. 
 Unfortunately I am already booked for Wednesday. 
 Taffy - please print this out for the EnronOnline file. 
 What a great poem!  Sorry for the confusion on getting together - I'll try to start earlier next time. 
 Have you guys seen this?  http://www.tviweb.com/cgi-bin/texis/newdotcom/dotcom_main3/++wwBmevCSC6qwwwxFq DyODntOayoGnqBqFqVRrna0DnGtOagdDDnqBodD/bus_details.html 
 Bob - These are the only versions I have in Word format - they were probably modified slightly in the online version (e.g. Enron party is now EnronOnline LLC). 
 Thanks for your note - that will make packing easier.  My flight is CO4240 from Houston Intercontinental Airport arriving at 10:29 Wednesday night - operated by Continental Express.  I don't like to take those smaller planes but at least this one is a jet and is a non-stop flight.   It makes for fewer delays and it's that much harder for them to lose your luggage. 
 Please send a copy of the Energy Gateway docs to Luis Derrota - EB838. 
 If they've done it, it was without consulting me.  Other than the content stuff (e.g. which provide links to Reuters) I don't think there is anything out there yet.    Travis McCullough 11/20/2000 09:03 PM 
 This just came in - I think Brad is the lead commercial guy on the project. 
 http://www.city.net/countries/canada/british_columbia/vancouver/?page=specialt y_guides 
 It's possible that someone in Alan Aronowitz's groups has looked into similar issues.    Steve Kim 11/20/2000 01:54 PM 
 Please let me know when the vaccine is available. 
 We have not admitted hedge funds to trade in the US because of the heightened regulatory scrutiny of trading with hedge funds generally since the Long-Term Capital Management debacle of last year.  These same issues may not apply in the UK.    Marie Westin 11/20/2000 05:23 AM 
 Here is the first draft. 
 Yes, I'd like the tickets if they're available. 
 I don't know if this will be helpful or not.... 
 Done - sorry for the delay. 
 Glad you liked it.  There is a while series of e-mail symbols people use like smiley faces - they even have a name: emoticons.  They don't often look like you'd expect and most of them are sideways -  only one I know is the smiley face  :-)   Hope you had a nice birthday!  Love , Mark 
 Let me know if this is not what you need. 
 harumph    Ted Bockius <Ted.Bockius@ivita.com> 11/29/2000 05:09 PM 
 I decided I needed the book we discussed so I went online to Amazon.com and ordered it!  While there I found references to a number of books I tought you might be interested in:  the Hornblower series by C.S. Forester the Bolitho stories from Alexander Kent the Drinkwater series from Richard Woodman (e.g., "An Eye of the Fleet") the Ramage series from Dudley Pope Revolution at Sea Trilogy/James L. Nelson Lobscouse & Spotted Dog : Which It's a Gastronomic Companion to the Aubrey/Maturin Novels by Anne Chotzinoff Grossman, Lisa Grossman Thomas 
 I'll be there. 
 Comments from a Swedish scholar: > > 1. Imagine that we read of an election occurring anywhere in the third > world in which the self-declared winner was the son of the former prime > minister and that former prime minister was himself the former head of > that nation's secret police (cia). > > 2. Imagine that the self-declared winner lost the popular vote but won > based on some old colonial holdover (electoral college) from the > nation's pre-democracy past. > > 3. Imagine that the self-declared winner's 'victory' turned on disputed > votes cast in a province governed by his brother! > > 4. Imagine that the poorly drafted ballots of one district, a district > heavily favoring the self-declared winner's opponent, led thousands of > voters to vote for the wrong candidate. > > 5. Imagine that that members of that nation's most despised caste, > fearing for their lives/livelihoods, turned out in record numbers to > vote in near-universal opposition to the self-declared winner's > candidacy. > > 6. Imagine that hundreds of members of that most-despised caste were > intercepted on their way to the polls by state police operating under > the authority of the self-declared winner's brother. > > 7. Imagine that six million people voted in the disputed province and > that the self-declared winner's 'lead' was only 327 votes. Fewer, > certainly, than the vote counting machines' margin of error. > > 8. Imagine that the self-declared winner and his political party opposed > > a more careful by-hand inspection and re- counting of the ballots in the > > disputed province or in its most hotly disputed district. > > 9. Imagine that the self-declared winner, himself a governor of a major > province, had the worst human rights record of any province in his > nation and actually led the nation in executions. > > 10. Imagine that a major campaign promise of the self- declared winner > was to appoint like-minded human rights violators to lifetime positions > on the high court of that nation. > > None of us would deem such an election to be representative of anything > other than the self-declared winner's will-to- power. All of us, I > imagine, would wearily turn the page thinking that it was another sad > tale of pitiful pre- or anti-democracy peoples in some strange > elsewhere." > 
 I won't need the final locations until Joya has to submit the churn request. Since the construction isn't scheduled to be complete until 12/22 I wouldn't think we'd need it until the 15th - Joya will have a better feel for how far in advance we need to schedule the churn.  The legal assistants (and any lawyers who start before the construction is done) will be put in the cubes we have.  When we run out of cubes we have space to build more.      Alan Aronowitz 12/01/2000 02:58 PM 
 Here is the revised BETA - let me know what you think.  The changes are marked in blue. 
 Here is the BETA with our initial comments. 
 As we discussed a couple of weeks ago...... 
 Tammy:  Brent still reports to me and I believe he should be paid from my RC.  Please let me know if this causes a problem.  Mark    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Can one of you guys handle this in Stacy's absence? 
 Does this raise uncertainty for products offered by non-banks? 
 This looks ok to me.    Melba Lozano 12/06/2000 04:46 PM 
 These look OK to me.    Andrew Wilson@ENRON 12/08/2000 11:11 AM 
 FYI 
 Peter:  Here is our first attempt at EnronOnline Long Description language for the double transaction calendar spread product.  We had to guess at several aspects. Please let me know if we got close.  Mark 
 Thanks so much for the Christmas present.  Everyone is enjoying it very much.  Bob Bruce's first reaction was "Wow -- I hope this isn't in lieu of her ever coming back!" 
 Marc:  In what currency will the proposed DPC hedge be denominated? 
 So now it's clear? 
 I thought I'd send this around just as a reminder of the RMT guidelines.  As far as I know these have not changed since Rhett's memo last year. 
 Approved. 
 Thanks for your notes.  Just so you know, I have the Polo Sport perfume and a Victoria's Secret gift certificate for Emily.  Were there lists for you and Dad?  I can't seem to find them. 
 My feeling is we stand by our confirmation - what do you think? 
 Maybe we can chat about this first draft this afternoon. 
 With my revisions. 
 This confirmation should have the regular Omnibus Annex A attached as well as the additional Chilean Annex which Tana forwarded last week.  Please call me if you have any questions.  Mark     Craig Breslau 12/13/2000 01:51 PM 
 In case you haven't already looked at the Fee Agreement draft, here is a slightly revised version.  Also attached is a revised BETA.  The changes marked in the BETA are a combination of the commercial guy's comments and my revisions of those comments (hopefully marked separately).  Unfortunately I didn't get the changes in the Fee Agreement marked. 
 Bob:  Our issues with hedge funds are somewhat complicated.  The threshold issue is that they are severely limited by their fundamental documents (the prospectus will spell out what they can invest in) so we have to review those documents before trading.  That is more than we do for run-of-the-mill domestic corporates and takes a lot  of legal resources that so far have been spent elsewhere.  The other issue is more difficult because it is hard to peg down and relates to regulatory uncertainty.  About a year ago a major hedge fund (Long Term Capital) got into serious trouble and the regulators stepped in, orchestrating a bail-out.  There was much wringing of hands and gnashing of teeth in Washington afterwards and since then there have been a variety of messages coming out of Washington relating to derivatives trading with hedge funds - none of them good.  Our view is that the regulators will be paying much closer attention to hedge fund trading of derivatives than in the past and we don't want that spotlight shining on us.  [In case you're interested: notwithstanding their name, hedge funds are speculators.  Much of the federal regulation of derivatives has assumed that hedging -- as opposed to speculation -- was safer and therefore more palatable.  The failure of a large hedge fund might result in damaging ripple effects throughout the financial markets.  Hence the regulators' heightened scrutiny.]  For both of these reasons, when EnronOnline was launched it was with the internally stated policy that we would not give access to hedge funds (or individuals - for similar reasons).  Commodity Trading Advisors can not trade on EnronOnline on behalf of their customers just as Brokers cannot.  Mark    Bob Shults 12/12/2000 10:26 AM 
 One of the areas causing us legal heart-burn in the weather derivatives area here in the States is the insurance and re-insurance company counterparties. In most states there are different laws applicable to insurance companies - most of which are regulated - including entirely separate insolvency regimes.  Just another item for your radar screen. 
 I'll be there! 
 One of the problems with Indian derivatives is that when foreign exchange is involved, Reserve Bank of India approval is required in advance of the transaction.  A $US deal would involve foreign exchange from an Indian counterparty's point of view.  Certain transactions have pre-approved status but an ECT commodity swap is not one of them.  I'm still trying to track down whether a commodity deal can be done at all, even with RBI approval.   I've also asked whether, if approved commodity swaps are permitted but not by ECT, it might  be possible to use an Indian bank or other approved dealer as an intermediary. 
 MARK E. TAYLOR Vice President and Assistant General Counsel ENRON CAPITAL & TRADE RESOURCES CORP.  Mark Taylor is Vice President and Assistant General Counsel of Enron Capita= l=20 & Trade Resources Corp., heading the Financial Trading Group of that compan= y=01, s Legal Department.  The Financial Trading Group is responsible for the leg= al=20 issues arising in connection with the derivatives trading in the world's=20 largest portfolio of natural gas and power risk management contracts.  Prio= r=20 to joining ECT, Mr. Taylor practiced law as an associate with Skadden, Arps= ,=20 Slate, Meagher & Flom in New York and Jakarta and with Liddell, Sapp, Zivle= y,=20 Hill & LaBoon in Houston and New York. 
 Brent:  Thanks very much for this report - these are VERY helpful in keeping me up to date on what's happening in your part of the world.  Mark 
 Yes - it's definitely time to think about this.  My suggestion would be that we try to get Don to pay the expenses since the trip would be necessary regardless of who she was working for (EI or ECT).  Of course, if he balks, we'll foot the bill. 
 Robert:  I believe that Sylvia Sauseda usually handles these matters.  Please let us both know the date you will be arriving with as much notice as possible so that we can have things ready for you.  We're looking forward to seeing you! 
 Here is your conversation with my revisions marked (deletions struck through, insertions in bold).  Hope this helps but feel free to call or write with any questions or comments:  A:   The CFTC regulates futures contracts and certain kinds of option contracts. SP:  What's a futures contract? A:  It is a contract for the sale of a certain kind of  commodity through a regulated  exchange. SP:  How is the contract different than a non-futures contract? A:  Ahem,   just for your information, we call the non-futures contracts forward or over the counter contracts.  The big difference is that the forward contract does not must go to delivery while futures contracts do not. SP:  I though the futures contracts went to delivery.  I remember getting all messed up on the gas side with delivery of NYMEX futures gas at the Henry Hub, and what about those stories of a guys getting a load of soy beans dumped in their front yards? A:  Well, er,  yes they do sometimes  go to delivery, but they are not really supposed to relatively few of them go to delivery.  They are supposed to more frequently (actually the vast majority of the time) net out as financial transactions.  It's that option of settling financially that distinguishes the futures contract. SP:  Well lets get to the point,  why are physical buy sells so bad? A:  That's easy.  Because they look like futures contracts.  They are not intended to go to delivery.  And if you are trading in futures contracts you are supposed to be doing it on a CFTC regulated exchange. SP:  So what you are saying is that if we deliberately net out our physical deals and never intend to even try to schedule delivery under them we are trading in futures contracts and could be subject to regulation by the CFTC? A:  You've got it.  But it's even worse than that - federal law says that a futures contract which is not traded on a regulated exchange is illegal: not only could the CFTC come after you but your counterparties could use that law against you to get out of performing.  So you can think of each contract like that as having written a free option. SP:  Well how much physicality do we have to have to make it a forward contract? A:  What do you mean? SP:  Well, if we settled physically one day a month but financially the other 29 days, would we have a futures contract? A:  Oh for Christ's sake I've had it.   I'm telling you once and for all that physical buy sells are futures contracts and you can't do them now get the hell out of my office!--  Is this the basic idea and if so,  how much can we blend physical into it to cross the line into the domain of the forward contract?  --Christian  Basically, yes.  A lot has to do with the look and feel of the thing but also the parties' intentions.  If we do not intend to make and take delivery, if we intend to settle financially - or even intend to just have the option to settle financially, we have a problem.  The closest thing we have to an exception to this is the provision for cover damages when one party fails to deliver.  That is a provision in the contract that might be argued gives one party the right to settle financially just by failing to perform.  We argue that this is still a forward and not a future because the parties in good faith intend initially that delivery will be made and a default occurs when there is a failure to make or take delivery.  Unfortunately, in the power world a large percentage of contracts may in fact get booked out.  However, each party enters into those contracts knowing that they have an obligation to make or take delivery and the book-outs may or may not happen - we do not enter into those contracts knowing that they will be booked out.  The book-outs occur after the fact by mutual agreement at the time of the book-out.  In fact, if we didn't want to book them out, we could stand on our legal rights and require all of our counterparties to make and take delivery (although I assume this might not go over well with many of them or with our scheduling desk if a book-out would be more convenient at the time). 
 I am also admitted in New York which has recently instituted a CLE requirement. 
 FYI 
 Marc,  I agree completely and don't have any legal reason not to send the form of L/C we would require.  Unfortunately, given the nature of this transaction we can't use our standard form but will have to beef it up a bit.  Let me know if you're ready to send that and I'll get started on it right away - shouldn't take more than a day or so to get it ready.  Mark 
 Marc,  Here's a draft reply to your latest e-mail, which I would send to all those copied on your note to me.  What do you think?  Marc,  We have sought, and paid for, advice from Indian counsel concerning commodity derivative transactions with Indian counterparites.  We have had that advice updated and confirmed in connection with this proposed transaction.  The result of that advice is that we will require an opinion from DPC's outside counsel that the proposed transaction is enforceable against DPC before the transaction can proceed.  While I have no legal objection to sending a form of L/C that would be acceptable to us, it doesn't make much sense to go through the exercise if DPC will not be providing the necessary opinions.  Mark 
 Debbie:  I think we should probably do a special form for this particular transaction.  I've left a voice-mail to Marc to that effect.  There are several issues here that don't exist in our run-of-the-mill deals that should be covered in the L/C language.  Mark 
 In light of the rising frequency of human-grizzly bear conflicts, the Montana Department of Fish and Game is advising hikers, hunters, and fishermen to take extra precautions and keep alert of bears while in the field. We advise that outdoorsmen wear noisy little bells on their clothing, so as not to startle bears that aren't expecting them.  We also advise outdoorsmen to carry pepper spray with them in case of an encounter with a bear.  It is also a good idea to watch out for fresh signs of bear activity.  Outdoorsmen should recognize the difference between black bear and grizzly bear dung. Black bear dung is smaller and contains lots of berries and squirrel fur. Grizzly bear dung has little bells in it and smells like pepper.   You guys around this weekend? 
 We have asked for a legal opinion from the counterparty's Indian counsel but have not received it yet.  That's the reason I'd like to do a special form of L/C - we need to add some language that indicates enforceability of the underlying agreement is not a prerequisite to a draw. 
 Marc - I know Bill well - give me a call (713)853-7459.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Hmmm, interesting question.  Most of the guys I've interviewed have gotten dressed up even on casual days, but then we're pretty causal every day so it's hard to tell.  I don't think he'd mind if you called to ask.  That department is a little dressier than my area (they actually wear ties most of the time Mon - Thurs) but I think Friday is pretty casual there - and you have a pretty good excuse.  It might depend on who else (if anyone) you'll be seeing.  The reason they get dressed up so much is that one of the senior guys (don't know which one, but can find out if you want) on that floor is always in a suit & tie.  If you're also talking to him it might make sense to bring a change of clothes and use a stall after the interview. 
 Sorry for the delay - we won't be able to go with you tomorrow night - hope you have fun anyway!    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Dan -  I left you a voice mail about this contract.  Can you let me know who the best person would be to review one of these for Brent?  Thanks,  Mark 
 The report of my absence is premature - I will be in our South American offices Mon. - Thurs. of next week but am in the office in Houston all of this week.  I am also not aware of any memoranda on point.  I have seen the issue addressed in an off-hand way in one or more articles (not really legal analysis) and will keep my eyes open for those.  The bottom line is usually that insurance requires an actual loss and proof of that loss before a claim can be made on the insurance while in the case of the derivative, no loss needs to be shown, only the actual weather conditions described in the agreement.  Mark 
 Robert:  Actually, I will be out of the office Mon - Wed of next week.  Tana is expecting you and will be able to get you started on the swap training program.  You will probably need to give her name at the receptionist in the lobby - her extension is x33399.  If she isn't around, Jan Dobernecker (x33427) will at least be able to get you in the building.  Your office will be EB3847 and your phone number will be (713)853-6121.  Have a good flight!  Mark 
 Note Chicago - Hong Kong rtn for $475. 
 Nony:  I will be participating, possibly with Brent Hendry (Brent - are you available?), from Buenos Aires.  Will we need to set up a conference call so that both London and B.A. can be connected?  It's also possible that Martin will be back in Oslo by then.  I'm not sure what his plans are re participating.  Regarding the agenda, I would appreciate an update from someone on the internet trading plans in Europe.  In particular, I'm wondering if there are enforceability/statute of frauds type issues in Europe like we might face here and what research has been done to date in that area.  Since at least one of us will be on the line from Argentina, we might do a quick update on some of the significant problems we are having with the regulators there.  Mark 
 Marc,  According to Houston Sidewalk the game starts at 7:30 p.m.  Why don't we pick you up just before 7:00.  Let me know if that's a problem.  Mark 
 Michelle is going to discuss this with Sharon Butcher (an outside labor lawyer we use).  Apparently there is some corporate policy against indemnifying employees but she understands there may be a distinction here due to the nature of Argentine law in the area.   We'll keep you posted. 
 Marc,  The game starts at 7:30.  Why don't we stop by to pick you up at a little before 7:00.  Let me know if this presents any problems.  Mark 
 FYI 
 Carolina,  I have finally received my tickets.  I will arrive at Ezeiza on United Airlines flight #761 on Sunday, March 14 at 11:15 a.m.  Can you arrange to have a driver meet me at the airport?  I will be staying at the Sheraton. Thank you very much for your help.  Mark 
 I tried dialing 8-9-0-0- and 8-9-0 right after we finished talking and neither one works.  We'll have to keep hoping. 
 Thanks for your help - is Scott is in Houston today?  Maybe I could meet with him here.  Any chance he will be back in BA by Tuesday? (I am scheduled to leave Tuesday night.) 
 1. Jason Rose 2. Jason appeared intelligent and poised.  He was well prepared for his interview. 3. While Jason has some legal-related experience, I wonder if a second year student might not be a better catch for us.  If we don't have that as an option, I think Jason would be fine. 
 Thanks Nony - sounds good to me. 
 Here's the agreement with my changes (I think they show up in blue).  I changed the "permit' language and one date. 
 Justin -  How do we participate in the CEPI?  Are we providing prices to them?  Mark 
 FYI - I found this on the internet today:   =ABB: Power Derivatives Trading In Germany Still Long Way Off  [Dow Jones News Service via DowVision ? Rcvd: Mar 18, 05:51 AM ]    By Axel Revheim  OSLO (Dow Jones)--Derivatives trading in the German electricity market won't take off until certain structural blocks in the power industry are cleared, paving the way for a spot market to develop as a first step, Jonas Kollberg, head of ABB Financial Energy told Dow Jones this week.  ABB Financial Energy is a division of Swiss-Swedish engineering and construction conglomerate ABB Asea Brown Boveri Ltd. (ABBBY).  A small number of large, vertically integrated German electricity companies are effectively hindering the development of free trade - presenting a stumbling block by both owning the production of electricity and controlling the means of transmission, or grids.  Currently, if a third-party wants to transport power, it must separately negotiate access and prices for each grid - an impractical arrangement for the spot market, Kollberg said.  'The advantage of the Nordic model is that you have great liquidity for derivatives based on a broadly acknowledged system price. You also have several producers creating a well-functioning spot market. I can't see how they're going to solve this in Germany. They have too many isolated (monopolized) grid areas,' Kollberg said.  Financial power contracts like futures, forwards and other derivatives are based on an underlying reference price, often an average of spot price throughout a region or country. There won't be any power derivatives trading in Germany before an acknowledged reference price is established, he said.  A Liberalized Market In Law Only  The practice among German utilities of pricing electricity transmission based on the distance traveled, is a powerful barrier to trading, Kollberg said. In the fully liberalized Norwegian power market, for example, independent producers are charged fees for access to grids based on an established point system. Producers pay the same tariff, regardless of how far the electricity is transported.  Germany's new energy law, in effect since April 1998, paves the way for all German consumers to choose who supplies them with electricity. However, without clear, published grid access tariffs or a national reference price, few customers have, in reality, been able to move away from their regional supplier.  No decision has been made yet as to how Germany will organize its spot market for electricity sales. The first German electricity bourse is likely to be set up in either Frankfurt, Dusseldorf, Hamburg or Leipzig. But interested parties such as the Deutsche Boerse in Frankfurt have acknowledged that a physical spot market needs to be in place before futures trading can be introduced.  Nord Pool, the joint Swedish-Norwegian power exchange, recently joined up with Germany's Landesbank Sachsen Girozentrale, the Leipzig town authority and the Saxony state government to establish a power exchange in Leipzig.  Using expertise gained in the Nordic market, Kjetil Knutsen at Nord Pool Consulting told Dow Jones that the plan is to develop a spot market in Germany along the lines of the Nordic model.  There will be one system price for the whole of Germany, based on spot prices in the seven regions which are controlled by Germany's 'Verbund' regional transmission companies, he said.  'One can solve the spot price problem,' he said. The question isn't whether Germany will have a functioning spot market, but rather when, he said.  Separation Of Producers, Grids The Key  Even if Germany eventually establishes a reference price, the problem of vertical integration remains. One needs unbundling (between producers and grids) to open the way for competition, ABB's Kollberg said.  According to ABB's own analysis, between 78% and 83% of German power transmission lines are owned and controlled by the big German power producers.  As long as domestic producers have such grid control, power imports and exports from Germany won't be free, said Kollberg.  Any overcapacity of French power generation could be imported to the benefit of German consumers. however, because German producers control transmission, the tendency is to shield the domestic market from competition, observers said.  French electricity imports could lower prices sharply for German end-users of electricity. According to Kollberg, there's an overcapacity of 40 terawatts of electricity in France, while Germany too has an overcapacity of 31 TW. 
 I understand that Robin Jordan has taken care of this in my absence.  If you still need anything from me, please let me know.  Mark 
 I discussed this matter with Brent yesterday and I believe the correct title for Andrea is "Attorney". 
 FYI 
 Hey Bob -  Her name is Kartini Muljadi.  I haven't done a good job of staying in touch but the last numbers I have for her are:  Phone: 62-21-525-6968 Fax: 62-21-525-5561  If those don't work, you might check with Yao who has stayed in touch with one of the other lawyers in that firm.  He has moved over to Enron International where he is responsible for their African legal affairs.  I know he is out of town (in Africa) right now and unfortunately I'm not sure if his e-mail address has changed.  His phone number is the same - maybe his secretary could put you in touch with him.  Good luck!  Mark 
 P.S. - If you do get in touch with Kartini, please send her my regards.  I'm pretty sure she still likes me in spite of the way Skadden's relationship with her ended. 
 Is this something one of your people should look at? 
 Thanks Nony - looks good to me! 
 Scott:  What would you think about the week of April 19 for Tana's visit to London?  Mark 
 What travel dates did you have in mind?  I think you said you wanted to leave NY for London on the evening of the 16th (arriving Saturday morning), but when do you want to go to NY?  Let me know & I'll give Lillie a call. 
 FYI 
 Could you guys please get in touch with Andrea Bertone in Sao Paolo & send her copies of our forms that might be useful in coming up with appropriate documentation for this transaction.  Sara - you should probably discuss with her the regulatory situation and make sure we can actually do this.  Brent may have some information as well.  Thanks,  Mark 
 Hey Marc - any chance you guys might like to join us on a one week sailing vacation in the Caribbean early next year (Feb or March)? 
 Anita:  I seem to remember that our traders in Singapore did a deal with a PRC company a while back and it was our conclusion at the time that it was a very dangerous (perhaps unenforceable) thing to do.  My vague memory is that only financial institutions could enter into derivatives in the PRC and even then there was invariably a sovereign immunity risk.  Do you remember this and can you refresh my recollection?  Mark 
 That schedule sounds good to me. 
 Looks good to me. 
 The Inn at Little Washington sounds great but I'm afraid I won't be able to make it this time.  However, as the geekiest among I consider it my duty to point out that since the millennium doesn't actually end until December 31, 2000, we do have next year!    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Marcus:  I tried unsuccessfully to reach you by telephone - the number I was give for you appears to be at some other company entirely.  Please feel free to call me once you get this note to discuss further.  The OMLX issue related to having the terminal of a non-US futures exchange in the US.  There is a related but different issue you can discuss with Paul Simons that came up in connection with the ZUMA 2000 trading system in London.  On that system, we would have been able to trade financial contracts electronically.  The problem was that our counterparties were also US entities and, in some instances, trading from the US.  I believe that the advice we received from Cadwalader was that if our counterparties were all outside the US we would have been able to trade on ZUMA 2000.   Of course, all of this relates to derivatives trading.  If the system you have in mind will be for the physical commodities, we should include Jeff Hodge in the discussion.  I have no objection to you contacting David Mitchell directly.  I am copying Paul on this note since it makes sense to coordinate with him since he has already dealt with similar issues. 
 Oops.  Mine didn't go either.  I've now forwarded your message.  Here's Yao's new address:  Yao Apasu/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 
 Looks good to me.  There is an airport in Burbank.  All the major airlines go there as well as Southwest. 
 Done 
 The alternatives are a net worth of US$1,000,000 or that all trades be guaranteed by an entity that meets the financial requirements. 
 Is this for you? 
 Mark:  One issue to keep in mind regarding membership in this exchange:  if there is no clearing house and the exchange is the counterparty to all transactions, who bears the liability when a third party defaults?  We certainly need to know if it is the exchange membership.  If not, how is the liability limited and on whose credit would we be relying if we trade?  Mark 
 Justin:  The mention of Statoil made me think of Norway.  Alliance doesn't sound like a Norwegian entity so it's probably not an issue here, but do you think we should discourage large volume and long term multiple trades with Norwegian entities given our continuing uncertainty over netting there?  Mark 
 Marcus -  Here is the note I sent on 3/31.  David Mitchell is definitely the right guy.  Mark 
 I have asked Russell to add you both to his distribution list. 
 Attached is a first draft of a statement of our policy concerning the termination of trading contracts on the bankruptcy of a counterparty.  Please give me the benefit of your comments and I will produce a further draft for Mark's review. 
 Buck:  Here's my list of things to do on the boat.  Let me know what you think we= =20 should work on first.  On Deck: Winch maintenance (someday I=01,d like to install a self tailing halyard w= inch) Inspect rig, adjust tension Some system needed to prevent jib sheets chafing on shrouds Check jib sheet cars Brightwork refinishing Cockpit drains should be checked for adequate flow - particularly those under the engine hatch Spreader boot needs to be reinstalled on starboard spreader Windex needs to be straightened/tightened  Electronics: VHF - check Depth Sounder - not reading consistently, odd read-out Wind Speed indicator - not registering Knot Meter - paddle wheel needs to be installed Loran - operating properly? Engine gauges - check ammeter, tach  Fresh Water System: Galley faucet not working (and sink drains very slowly) System should be disinfected Broken hose under sink in head  Check leaks around ports, probably rebed ports  Interior teak oiled  Stereo: Only working on one channel Install CD player 
 Sorry for the delay in getting this back to you.  Give me a call and we can discuss in more detail.  Mark  P.S. - have you been watching the Horatio Hornblower movies on A&E?    Christian Yoder 
 Scott:  I have a call scheduled with Martin for tomorrow morning to discuss these CFTC  issues.  I'll let you know how it goes.  I have also not forgotten your request for my view on Martin's tenure in Houston.  I have mixed feelings that are difficult to put down in writing and I'm hoping we can take a few minutes in New Orleans to discuss.  Mark 
 Sorry about the previous message (re: bankruptcy legislation).  Please ignore. 
 Heather:  Here is an excerpt from a message in which Anita Fam replies to my inquiry:  Only 3 types of institutions have the capacity and authority to enter into derivatives transactions in the PRC.  They are: a. banks; b. non-bank financial institutions ("NBFI"); and c. foreign invested enterprises ("FIE").  Banks and NBFIs require banking licences and may only enter into derivative transactions for hedging purposes.  FIEs comprise (i) wholly foreign owned enterprises ("WFOE"); and (ii) sino-foreign owned joint ventures ("SFJV") and include foreign banks, foreign finance companies and bank branches . There are no specific restrictions for WFOEs but SFJVs may only enter into derivative transactions for hedging purposes as well.    State-owned enterprises and collectively-owned enterprises  can therefore only transact through a duly authorised bank or NBFI.  So it looks as if China National Oil Company (Corp.?) and China State Power Corp. do not have the capacity nor the authority to enter into derivative transactions themselves in the PRC.  I have also found a copy of the results of some legal research we had done a year or two ago on these issues.  If you or Cynthia would like to see it I'd be happy to send a copy on. 
 I put a call in to Cadwalader this afternoon to see if they had someone following these bills in DC........great minds! 
 Martin:  Mark H. has asked me to participate in another conference call scheduled for 9:00 a.m. Houston time tomorrow which will almost certainly last at least an hour and possibly more.  If you think 30 minutes will be enough, I wonder if we could reschedule our call for 8:30 (3:30 your time)? 
 As discussed. 
 Thank you both for the very quick turn-around.   Yes, I agree and hope that OM will consent to the proposed changes.  Mark T. 
 It worked!  Looking forwad to seeing you later this week.  Mark 
 Becky - I will be out of town on Thurs.  I may be able to participate from NY but my schedule is still up in the air.  Mark    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 It has worked fine for me so far.  I would prefer to continue to receive them by e-mail rather than have to go to the Intranet to get them.  Mark T. 
 Larry:  I'm not sure if you are the keeper of the Contact List, but since I received it from you I thought I should point out a couple of errors in the info. relative to me:  my fax number is 713-646-3490 my email address is mtaylo1@ect.enron.com  Thanks  Mark 
 Looks good to me.  Mark 
 Taffy - would you please add these meetings to my calendar.  Thanks  Mark 
 Congratulations and well done to you and all the others who have worked on getting this agreement in place!  I know this was a long and difficult battle.  Mark 
 Hey Jeff:  I just saw your email address on the Monmouth web site.  I didn't realized you were at Mayer Brown.  I don't even know if we've talked since I left New York (almost 5 years ago).  I'm now in the legal department at Enron Capital & Trade Resources in Houston where my group is responsible for the legal issues in derivatives trading here.  I don't get to Chicago often but if they ever send you down this way, be sure to look me up!  C., F. & S.,  Mark 
 Dorice,  I was not expecting a letter from Crawford Bayley but I have dealt with them in the past so I suppose it is possible that the letter is intended for me. I have no objection to your opening the letter to determine its contents. You might wan t to wait a few days for the other Mark Taylor's reaction.  Mark 
 Dorice,  Please fax the bill to me at 713-646-3490 and just put the original in the regular interoffice mail.  My RC is 1157  Thanks for your help.  Mark 
 Hey Marc - I was in New Orleans last week, NYC & DC the week before.  Now back home & ready to relax a bit.  Hope you guys came through the storm ok this morning.  Our cars are stuck in the garage because the alley is filled with downed tree branches.  I'm not even sure who to call to get it cleared out.  Ted got a ride from a friend and I took a cab.  Let's get together soon!  Mark 
 No trouble in N.O.  I was there for a conference with all 300 Enron lawyers & paralegals from all around the world - it didn't seem prudent to go looking for trouble with all those Company folks wandering around the Quarter!  I just came on home Friday evening & went to bed.  T. said you looked like you were having fun Friday night but didn't stay out late enough to find out how much fun..... 
 FYI 
 Torrey:  I am the lawyer in ECT legal responsible for our relationship with the NYMEX and monitoring our compliance with NYMEX position limits.  Phillipe Travis tells me you may be able to help him in preparing the reports of our positions with the option delta factored in.  Thanks very much for your assistance.  Mark 
 Wow - that is one nasty looking storm out there - I wish I'd gotten in early enough to get a covered parking spot.  Oh well, may sufficient hail storm damage will get me a new car!  How would you like to deal with the Astros ticets?  I have a couple of meetings scheduled but am pretty flexible today - maybe lunch time or when you're ready to leave for the day?  Just let me know.  Call if you want - 713-853-7459.  Mark 
 I know you are getting the legal bills paid through Don's budget for work done in Argentina.  Is it possible to handle the bills for work done in Brazil the same way?  I have a bill from Tozzini that we need to pay.  Since it is all in connection with South American trading it seems reasonable to treat it the same as the others but I'm not sure how you are handling these things.  Any thoughts? 
 Mark:  I am concerned about committing to the development of legal risk books using a VAR-like analysis since our attempts in this direction a couple of years ago failed (Bob Williams and I worked on that project).  Many of the risks that were identifiable did not lend themselves to the numeric analysis so near to the commercial guys' hearts and the numbers we came up with were close to meaningless.  If you want a technical example of a legal risk in our financial trading contracts, you could use either (i) the statute of frauds (deals of more than one year in length may be unenforceable if the confirm isn't signed) or (ii) the widespread use of multiple "Omnibus" short-form contracts for trades before a master agreement is executed (resulting in many transactions where netting in bankruptcy has not been tested in court).  Item (i) could be fixed with legislation (as it has in New York).  Item (ii) could be reduced if the traders/dealmakers were willing to put pressure on their customers to sign master agreements.  I like the idea of emphasizing the need for buy-in from the commercial side in the contract negotiation/formation process.  That buy-in needs to be at all levels and it will only happen with the line folks if they get it from the top.  Mark T. 
 I will probably go straight to the game from here so won't leave til 6:30 or 7:00.  Why don't you give me a call this afternoon - say around 3:00 or 3:30 & we can get together. 
 713-853-7459 
 Looks good to me.  Taffy, please add this to the calendar. 
 Tom:  I saw this on the Internet today:    ARBINET COMMUNICATIONS INTRODUCES ON-LINE TRADING OF BANDWIDTH DERIVATIVES BUSINESS EDITORS/TECHNOLOGY WRITERS SAN DIEGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--MAY 11, 1999--ARBINET COMMUNICATIONS, INC., THE WORLD'S [Business Wire ? Rcvd: May 11, 08:08 AM EDT ]    BW0167 MAY 11,1999 5:09 PACIFIC 8:09 EASTERN  ( BW)(CA-ARBINET-COMMUNICATIONS) Arbinet Communications Introduces On-Line Trading of Bandwidth Derivatives  Business Editors/Technology Writers  SAN DIEGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 11, 1999--Arbinet Communications, Inc., the world's leading trading network for telecommunications capacity, will inaugurate Internet trading of forwards and options in telecommunications bandwidth later this month.  Trading in the bandwidth derivatives is being facilitated through Arbinet's access-controlled website where buyers and sellers can post prices anonymously. Execution occurs offline, subject to a screening process for credit, documentation and interoperability issues. The announcement was made at the TRA Conference, Booth No. 1004.  As a second phase of the project, Arbinet is developing a physically settled derivative product that will allow anonymous web-based execution, culminating in delivery to Arbinet switching hubs. Implementation of this product is an extension of Arbinet's physically settled minutes trading system, the Arbinet Global Clearing Network(TM) (AGCN(TM)).  Forward and option derivative trading in bandwidth provides distinct advantages for clients who wish to hedge their exposure to future moves in the price of capacity. Furthermore, it provides a level playing field where even small operators can realize the pricing advantages which were, until recently, available only to large incumbent telecommunications carriers. Buyers and sellers can manage risk allowing them to better plan for the future.  Sellers of the forward contract can be natural suppliers of capacity such as submarine cable operators. Buyers can be natural consumers (e.g. Internet Service Providers and Competitive Local Exchange Carriers) or speculators.  "Arbinet aims to be the premier provider of risk-management solutions for the bandwidth market," said U. Kanad Chakrabarti, vice president of Bandwidth Trading, Arbinet. "As a non-proprietary player, we can offer impartial execution for our clients, which is important in a non-transparent and illiquid market like this."  All bandwidth contracts will be posted on Arbinet's bandwidth trading site, www.ebandwidth.net, beginning May 21, 1999. The forward contract allows buyers and sellers to reserve transmission capacity. The option contract allows buyers and sellers to realize the optionality value present in the bandwidth market, but currently not fully priced by telecommunications players.  "We provide customers with a service not offered by any other on-line trading company," said Alex Mashinsky, chairman and founder, Arbinet. "Of key importance, we don't trade for ourselves, which gives us complete objectivity in trade execution.  "This new service is a natural outgrowth of our experience in trading telecom minutes on behalf of international and multinational telecommunications carriers."  For more information, contact U. Kanad Chakrabarti at (212) 230-1200 or via e-mail at kchakrabarti@arbinet.com.  Arbinet (www.arbinet.com) is the world's leading Internet trading exchange and switch-based clearing network for global telecommunications capacity. Arbinet routed over 174 million minutes for international carriers in 1998, which it estimates represented over 80% of all exchange-traded minutes traffic for that year. The Arbinet Global Clearing Network is presently clearing and settling minutes for all types of communications companies including Internet Telephony Service Providers and major carriers. Founded in 1994, the company has 52 employees and is headquartered in New York with offices in Tokyo, Sao Paulo, and Hong Kong. AGCN was recently awarded Internet Telephony magazine's prestigious Editor's Choice Award for 1999.  Arbinet Global Clearing Network and AGCN are trademarks of Arbinet Communications, Inc.  This press release is available on the KCSA Worldwide website at www.kcsa.com  --30--jb/ny*  CONTACT:  KCSA Public Relations Worldwide, New York David Riley, 212/896-1245 E-mail: driley@kcsa.com or Chris Milligan, 212/896-1224 E-mail: cmilligan@kcsa.com or Henry Feintuch, 212/896-1212 E-mail: hfeintuch@kcsa.com  KEYWORD:  NEW YORK CALIFORNIA INDUSTRY KEYWORD: INTERACTIVE/MULTIMEDIA/INTERNET  COMPUTERS/ELECTRONICS COMED TELECOMMUNICATIONS RETAIL PRODUCT  Today's News On The Net - Business Wire's full file on the Internet  with Hyperlinks to your home page.  URL: http://www.businesswire.com  Copyright 1999, Business Wire 
 Sorry for the delay.  Here is a revised version of the certificate.  My proposed changes should show up marked when you open it.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Mark 
 Suzanne:  Please send an e-mail to all of the lawyers and paralegals in the ECT Legal Dept. asking them to reserve the conference dates and asking them to let you know their t-shirt sizes.   Once you have everyone's t-shirt sizes, please give the list to Dan.  Thanks,  Mark 
 I think we are doing Hawaiian shirts - we just don't want everyone to know yet.  Yes - please include all the offices - also include Singapore & Buenos Aires.  Tana will let you know which people in the London office will be coming. 
 Mark -  I think you are right - this is no doubt the best we can do.  Let's go ahead and take care of execution.  Thanks very much for all your help.  Mark 
 Let me add my thanks for your willingness to sign these things for us.  The guys in London never think about lining up a signatory in Houston ahead of time who might actually know something about what they're signing and why they're signing it.  Any chance you'll be in NY Monday night?  I'm taking a few people to dinner & you might enjoy it.  Mark 
 What documents do we use for these deals?  Is it the German translation of our Industrial Master?    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Scott:  It's great to see a senior commercial person take an interest in our issues! Any chance this can be videotaped so we can see it here?  Mark T. 
 I found this on our intranet site: 
 Just a note to let you know I will have to miss our meeting on Tuesday - I will not be back from New York until around noon. 
 Any chance you can think abot this a bit for our Monday meeting? 
 FYI 
 Janice:  Sorry for the delay in getting back to you - Elizabeth is now working in the power trading area and Sara has been out of town.  I agree with you that the letter seems harmless enough and I wouldn't blame the commercial folks for being upset if it looks like GS is trying to do and end-around on the process.  Yes - let's send it and get an opportunity to participate in offering the products.  Mark 
 Any seats left for the sushi demo?  If so, I'd like to attend. 
 Looks good to me. 
 Hey Buck -  How've you been?  I assume business has been good since I haven't heard from you lately.  Don't forget to send me a bill  for the work you did on the boat last month......  Mark 
 Thanks Justin - I was planning to come over some time shortly after the first of the year.   A month or two ago Mark H. mentioned that there might be an ISDA meeting in January that he wants me to attend so I'll probably try to schedule something around then.  I believe that's around the 28th.  Let's try to set up dinner again!    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Ken:  I thought you might be interested in the attachment.  Mark 
 Those should be paid like his regular expenses.  Please let me know if someone raises an objection.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 No problem. 
 Yes, I think that's how it's supposed to be.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 I approved an access request for this that came through yesterday.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 FYI: One of our legal consultants has mentioned that another of his clients is setting up an internet derivatives trading system.  They are using an outfit called Intuitive Products International based in New York and London to assist with system design.  Tana Jones (x33399) will be setting up a demo by these folks with our legal department needs in mind - if you'd like to attend, we'd be happy to have you and ask them to expand their presentation to include internet trading. 
 I'm looking for an article that appeared on page 12 of the May 17 issue of Investment Dealers' Digest entitled "CFTC contacts Blackbird, which reignites debate." Mark Taylor 413/1157 
 Does the proposed reorg now contemplate that a US entity will act as principal for financial transactions? 
 Christian,  I'm afraid you may have your centuries confused relative to Nelson and the Armada.  The "Spanish Armada" of fame was a fleet dispatched by Philip II of Spain to invade England in the late 16th century - it was during Elizabeth I's reign and I have some vague recollection that Mary, Queen of Scots had something to do with encouraging Philip before she was executed.  The Armada was defeated in a series of battles (and by some very bad weather) around the English Channel.  Nelson didn't sail til the 18th century.  Of course, the English and the Spanish had been going at it off and on the entire time and you'd have to say "on" in the early 1800's  when Nelson "broke the enemy line" at the battle of Trafalgar.  I believe that was during a time when the Spanish were allies of Napoleon - whether by choice or under duress I couldn't say - and the enemy fleet was a combined French/Spanish fleet.  The battle is named after Cape Trafalgar in southern Spain.  I'm pretty sure it's somewhere between Cadiz and Gibraltar so your gut feeling is right - I don't see it on the map either & wonder if it has a different name in Spanish. Will you be going to that part of Spain[Andalusia?]?  The English victory has in common with the Armada battle of a bit over 200 years earlier that it ended any hopes held by the enemy of imminent invasion of Britain.  As far as the policy question goes, you are remembering what I always referred to as the "trading policy" but is officially referred to as the "Risk Management Policy."  It most definitely covers Portland trading operations.  I haven't been as involved in that policy for the last couple of years as I was back when MEH was chief control officer.  Ted Murphy now has responsibility for maintaining and enforcing the policy.  I don't have a current version but will ask Ted for one.  Mark    Christian Yoder 
 FYI:  Alex Mashinsky of ARBINET will be speaking on "Commoditising Telecoms: The Development of a Spot Market for International Telecoms Trading" at Risk99 in Boston June 8 & 9. 
 Cynthia:  As you know, the Bankruptcy Code revisions never made it through the recent Congress.  I understand they bogged down in the final days over issues which were essentially irrelevant to us in ECT.   I'm not sure you are aware of the importance to our trading business of certain of the other proposed revisions.  We anticipate that the revisions will be reintroduced in the next Congress and are beginning to think about ways that we can influence the outcome this time around.  Are you the right person in your shop for us to talk to about this?  If you could let me know, I'd appreciate it.  Thanks,  Mark 
 I will be in New York on June 17 & 18. 
 Regarding Louise's second paragraph, I guess I had always assumed there would be different governing law provisions at a minimum - and dispute resolution fits similarly - with parties in various jurisdictions.  Any thoughts? 
 Just a thought:  I'm assuming it will be too difficult to build in customized credit provisions on a counterparty by counterparty basis on-line - but if there are master agreements in place, the  credit provisions contained in them would apply to on-line trades.  The availability of the on-line system may therefore encourage more master agreements since the Credit Dept. will limit a counterparty's trading volume until credit terms can be imposed. 
 I have not yet had a chance to read this but thought I should pass it along asap. 
 Here is another services agreement - this one used as a form by EES. 
 I have not yet had a chance to read this but thought I should pass it along asap. 
 Western Power Market Stands 'Poised on the Precipice' According to the ICF Kaiser Consulting Group's 1999 Bulk Power Outlook  FAIRFAX, Va., June 1 /PRNewswire/ -- Power markets in the Western System Coordinating Council are ``poised on the precipice'' of capacity shortfalls and extreme price volatility this summer and next, according to a new study of the regional market by the Energy Practice of the ICF Kaiser Consulting Group. ``The West stands at least a one in three chance of experiencing price spikes similar to those seen in the Midwest market during the summer of 1998,'' said Judah Rose, a Senior Vice President with the Group and the director of the ICF study.  ICF's analysis of the West points to a number of key near-term implications:  Regional Capacity Deficits. The region is in a delicate supply/demand balance, with most sub-regions of the West relying on a capacity surplus in the Pacific Northwest to meet near-term peak capacity requirements. Because demand growth is outpacing new supply additions, those deficits will only become more extreme over the next two years. Volatility Exacerbated by Hydroelectric Dependence. A fifth consecutive year of above-average hydroelectric generation -- the principle cause of the Pacific Northwest surplus -- will again mask the West's precarious supply/demand balance in 1999. However, if the drought conditions of the early 1990s resurface, the West will find itself at an even greater risk of price spikes. Upward Pressure on Prices. Prices are on an upward trend for 1999 and 2000, the result of both higher regional spot natural gas prices and the increasing value of ``pure capacity'' -- the value of ensuring reliability for consumers.  The study also evaluates the long-term future of the Western market and highlights the following key results:  Capacity Requirements Growing Steadily. The region's underlying demand growth is strong, creating a long-term regional capacity need totaling more than 18,000 MW by 2005, unless there is a serious economic downturn in the region. Energy Prices Trending Downward. The trend for long-term energy prices is for negative real growth through 2010, but the region will remain susceptible to near-term volatility while market institutions continue to evolve and new supply is slowly added over the next few years. Capacity Prices Rising Slowly. Current low capacity values will continue to rise (but still remain below many other regions) as new, more efficient generation is added. Strong Gas Demand Growth at Stable Prices. Gas demand for power generation is poised to more than double by 2010, with the most explosive growth in the Rocky Mountain and Southwest subregions. Even so, the West region's vast gas supply potential appears capable of meeting this growth with little, if any, real price appreciation through 2010.  ``The Western U.S. Region volume of our Bulk Power Outlook, along with the other five regional volumes, offers comprehensive insights into the rapidly changing North American power markets,'' said Sudhakar Kesavan, President of the ICF Kaiser Consulting Group. ``No other firm can match our analytic capabilities -- which are based on an understanding of the fundamentals driving electric power markets -- and the knowledge gained from working one- on-one with the market's key players.''  About the ICF 1999 Bulk Power Outlook  ICF's analysis of the Western market is part of the 1999 Bulk Power Outlook, an authoritative assessment of North American regional bulk power markets through 2010. The study also provides the analytical basis for ICF's extensive and well-respected consulting services providing market assessment, asset valuation, and project due diligence evaluations for the North American electric power and natural gas industries. The 1999 Bulk Power Outlook is available for six regional markets -- West, Northeast, Midwest, Southeast, South Central, and Canada -- well as a National Subscription, which includes the six regional studies and a North American summary volume. Additional information on the 1999 Bulk Power Outlook, including a prospectus, sample volume, and order form, can be found at http://www.icfkaiser.com/consulting/products/BPS.htm.  The 1999 Bulk Power Outlook is part of the ICF Kaiser Consulting Group's growing family of products and services. Related studies on energy and environmental issues recently completed by ICF include the SO2 Allowance Market Outlook and the Ozone Transport Region: NOx Allowance Study, which detail ICF's views on air emissions allowance markets.  For information about the 1999 Bulk Power Outlook and related studies, or any of ICF Consulting Group's products and services, call Aldyn Hoekstra at 415/507-7188 or Cheryl Aronson at 415/507-7151. Additional information the ICF Kaiser Consulting Group can be found on ICF's Web site at http://www.icfkaiser.com/consulting.  About the Company  Headquartered in Fairfax, Virginia, ICF Kaiser is one of the United States' largest engineering, construction, program management, and consulting services companies. Its more than 4,000 employees, located in 60 offices around the world, provide fully integrated capabilities to clients in four related market areas: environment, infrastructure, industry, and energy. ICF Kaiser reported gross revenue of more than $1.2 billion for the 12 months ended December 31, 1998. All references to ICF Kaiser indicate ICF Kaiser International, Inc. and any of its subsidiaries.  Forward-Looking Statements and Certain Factors Affecting ICF Kaiser and Its Businesses  This release contains ``forward-looking statements'' within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as ``may,'' ``will,'' ``could,'' ``should,'' ``expect,'' ``believe,'' ``anticipate,'' ``aim,'' ``intend,'' ``plan,'' ``estimate,'' or ``continue'' or the negative thereof or other variations thereof. Such forward-looking statements are necessarily based on various assumptions and estimates and are inherently subject to various risks and uncertainties, including risks and uncertainties relating to the possible invalidity of the underlying assumptions and estimates, that may cause actual results to differ materially from those stated or implied by these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements also are subject to company-specific risks and uncertainties such as the company's ability to maintain existing contracts (including contracts with the federal government) at their existing or at improved levels, to accurately estimate and recover costs incurred on fixed- price contracts, to sign new contracts in established or new markets (including international markets), to conclude and implement successfully certain acquisitions and joint-venture relationships, and to avoid significant environmental fines, penalties, or liabilities.  SOURCE: ICF Kaiser Consulting Group 
 Justin,  I note that the ETA has been revised to include a paragraph which provides that Enron's electronic records will prevail over a signed confirmation.  Is that how we want this to work?  In the telephone trading context we assume that the executed confirmation will control over the oral conversation, even when we have a recording of the conversation.  Mark 
 Sorry - I'll be in NYC that weekend and I believe that's T's big swim meet in Atlanta.  But thanks for the offer! 
 I'm not sure whether to feel sorry for you or not - can't wait to hear the details  Yes, it was a fun weekend - we were in Austin.  T. swimming at the Lake and I stayed around the hotel using the gym and getting a massage.  Good food, too.  The only downer was the drive. 
 Darlene:  I'm busy on Thursday but Friday looks good.  Mark 
 Our meeting for this morning will have to be canceled due to scheduling conflicts.  Please make every effort to reserve this time slot (first and third Wednesdays at 10:00) in the future for our group meetings. 
 Richard Sanders has asked us to revise the arbitration language in our forms - including the Omnibus Annex A.  Please give some thought to whether there are any other revisions we should make at this time.  We make every effort to minimize the frequency with which we change the Annex (it has only been changed once since its inception) so it is important that we get as many necessary changes made at this time as possible.  Mark 
 I currently have a 28800 modem but would like to get the fastest (within reason) modem we have available for a Compaq LTE 5280.  Please let me know if this is the kind of thing I can get by Friday since I leave for London Friday afternoon and would like to take the computer (complete with modem) with me. If the new modem is not available in that time frame, I at least need a new pigtail for the existing card since the old one is broken.  Thanks and please charge 413/1157.  Mark Taylor x37459 
 The current versions are all the way at the bottom. 
 Here is the current version.  The numbers on the Annex have been deleted. 
 Hey Tim -  Thanks for the note - I needed a smile today.  I've been extremely busy and am leaving this afternoon for another trip to our London office.  Were you able to make any headway with the Bank regarding the NY house?  I just wondered if Greg had been able to help at all.  Mark 
 One more try...... 
 One more try...... 
 Hi Marc -  I just got back from London last night.  Looks like our IT people found out about this yesterday too - don't know if it hit us or not but they made everybody log off & back on again during the day yesterday - I'm assuming that was to install a new virus shield.  Didn't affect me since I wasn't here anyway.  How've you been?  MT 
 Does this make sense to you? 
 Has Louise mentioned anything about this to you?  What are we supposed to do with it? 
 We're home this weekend - might go sailing (you're welcome to come if you want) but nothing big planned.  I'm in NYC next Wed - Sun., T's in a swim meet in Atlanta next weekend, NYC after that.  Nothing planned for the 26/27 weekend & still toying with the idea of Seattle for the 4th. 
 Here's a very rough draft of a set of slides we might use.  Let me know if this is even close to what you have in mind.  I can have one of our paralegals and our graphics dept. fill in whatever we need and make it look good tomorrow.  Mark 
 Attached is the form of schedule to the 1992 ISDA Master Agreement we use for purely financial transactions - swaps and options.  There are a large number of choices and variables to consider in these documents and usually whenever an Enron company begins financial trading in a new jurisdiction we work with local counsel to adapt the form and then handle most of the drafting and negotiating from here.  To the extent you are interested in using ISDA Master Agreements, we will be happy to continue in the same way.  I'm not sure they will be much help in constructing the type of physical commodity agreements I suspect you need.  If you need the printed form of the ISDA Master that the schedule relates to, let me know and I can have it faxed to you.  When the transaction is physical, even if there is an embedded swap or option of some kind, we use physical commodity contracts which vary widely from commodity to commodity.  I will ask Elizabeth Sager to send you some sample electricity forms and Jeff Hodge or Dan Hyvl to send some natural gas forms. In a trading context, since Enron may be on either side of one or more transactions with the same counterparty, the forms are drafted in a bilateral fashion (basically we only ask for thing we are willing to give).  If your situation is different (e.g. our transactions with one party involve only the purchase of fuel and with another party only selling electricity, dramatic changes to these forms might be in order.  With regard to loan/finance transactions, I am not at all familiar with forms they use and in fact those transactions may be individualized to the extent that they don't even use forms as such.  I will ask Julia Murray to contact you or have one of the people in her group get in touch with you to talk about those types of transactions.  Unfortunately, I don't know of an electronic table of contents to the forms.  There is a project underway to create a forms database but it is in the very early stages of thought.      Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 I don't remember if I talked to you about this last month or not.  If not, would you mind giving Brent a hand with his broker agreement? 
 http://www.napanews.com/nv/INVWineries.nsf/ http://www.winecountry.com/ 
 I've been working the whole time - no vacation or sick time to report. 
 Here's a revised draft. 
 Alison:  Kevin & I are putting the final touches on our presentation - will we be able to have a projector for a computer/powerpoint presentation?  Mark 
 Yes, we would like to use the PowerPoint presentation.  Sorry for the last minute request.  If it's a big problem, I might be able to get our graphics dept. to turn it into 35mm slides.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 I think this has already been sent to you.  Just wondering, though, why this is being lumped together in one complex transaction instead of splitting it into two. 
 Both of those times work for me. 
 I have my Wine Country book here at the office today but don't know where to send it - if you're in Houston I can have a messenger bring it to you.  Mark 
 Here are the powerpoint slides for our presentation tomorrow.  Kevin should be sending you some additional pages that are not part of the slides but that we would like to hand out.  See you tomorrow!  Mark 
 Louise - I'm already booked for Friday morning (including a 10:30 at S&C) - hopefully I can get a download from Justin & Scott on Monday.     Invitation Chairperson: Louise Kitchen  Start: 06/18/99 08:30 AM End: 06/18/99 10:00 AM  Description: Meeting to discuss CC's Foreign Jurisdiction Report - London 2:30 / New York 9:30    This meeting repeats   starting on    (if the date occurs on a weekend the meeting ). Meeting Dates:    Justin Boyd/LON/ECT Scott Sefton/LON/ECT Mark - ECT Legal Taylor/HOU/ECT  Detailed description: 
 Sylvia:  I have been unable to reach either Jeff Keeler or Maureen McVicker to talk about this today.  I'm a little worried about who is handling the Commissioner's itinerary at this point and I don't know if anyone has reserved a conference room for the 2:30 meeting.  Fred Lagrasta is now also supposed to attend and will have a short presentation to make (I don't know if he needs any audio/visual equipment).  Can you check on this - maybe somebody else in Jeff Keeler's, Steve Kean's, or maybe even Ken Rice's office will know where this is supposed to take place?  It is entirely possible that no one has reserved a room yet.  If you could do that and then let the attendees know where it will be, I'd appreciate it.  Unfortunately, I'm on my way out to the airport now and can't take care of this myself.  Thanks for your help!  Mark T. 
 Jeff:  In preparation for his meetings with Commissioner Newsome and Congressman Stenholm, Mark H. has asked for  information including a bullet point list of our key issues and any appropriate background material.  I have prepared a draft issues list which is attached.  Would you please take a quick look at it and see if there is anything you think should be added and then forward it on to Mark?  He probably also needs the final itineraries.  Thanks for your help.  Mark T. 
 I hope ours looks better than this:  http://www.unioncal.com/ 
 sorry about that - misdirected to you. 
 could you please look into this? 
 I have revised the relevant experience paragraph slightly (if you open the attachment using "Launch" you can see the changes highlighted).  Kim, if this is OK with you please go ahead and use it. 
 I can certainly be available for a portion of that time - can you tell me the purpose of the call? 
 Hi Debbie:  Thanks for your note - it's always nice to hear from MC friends!  I'm living in Houston and working in the legal department of a large energy company (Enron).  I have two main areas of focus: derivatives trading (swaps, options, etc.) which I've been doing for over 6 years now and e-commerce which is relatively new.  The most fun work project I've had was being the lead lawyer in designing and launching our internet commodity trading platform about a year ago.  It has been tremendously successful.  While few people have ever heard of it, it is the largest (by dollar volume) website in the world!  I keep in touch with Mark Kopinski who is managing a couple of international mutual funds in New York.  My work takes me there several times a year and I usually try to see him if I have some free time.  The college is thinking about another capital campaign and he and I were on a preliminary planning committee (to see if a campaign makes sense).  Ralph V. was there - whom I hadn't seen in years! - and of course I keep in touch with Doc, too.  I was on campus for my 20th reunion a couple of years ago.  There were only 2 of us from '78 so it wasn't as much fun as I'd hoped but it was still good to see familiar faculty faces.  With luck the 25th will draw a bigger crowd.  My Midwest geography isn't what it once was but it sounds like you've got a terrible commute.  I hope you're liking your work to justify the drive.  I rarely make it back to Chicago but let's keep in touch and definitely let me know if you ever make it down this way.  Mark 
 Sure - it's not secret.    Tana Jones 12/12/2000 09:12 AM 
 Generally speaking we have only documented that kind of concern when there were separate legal entities involved (like getting a comfort letter or guaranty from EI when ECT had to do the swap for one of their deals).  I think we can get away with pointing out the issue to both commercial sides.    Mary Cook 12/14/2000 03:30 PM 
 Did you get this? 
 Peter -  Should Tana add you to her list of people who get the daily EnronOnline customer list?  She sends it out to several lawyers to see if there is any reason not to give access to the system.  Mark    Peter Keohane Sent by: Sharon Crawford 12/14/2000 11:09 AM 
 Thanks for the e-mail - I tried to go in and update my info but the system is down and will be down all weekend.  Is Monday early enough? 
 Thanks for the number.  I did not get the cooking set for Elena - I ordered the bongo drum. 
 I spoke with Justin briefly this morning - he wants to look into this and get back to me.    Lisa Lees 12/19/2000 05:38 PM 
 Thanks! 
 Thanks - I've asked Sara to give him a call now, too.    Stephanie Panus@ENRON 12/20/2000 11:51 AM 
 I am on Continental Express Flight 4100 from Houston to Cincinnati Depart: Houston (IAH), 23-Dec-00 at 11:00 AM Arrive: Cincinnati (CVG), 23-Dec-00 at  2:26 PM  My flight on Tuesday is the same as at Thanksgiving: leaving Cincinnati at 3:00.  If picking me up is a problem, just let me know and I can try to rent a car. 
 I'll be in Cincinnati, OH and then traveling back to Houston on Tues.  You can reach me at (513)541-8649 or on my cell phone (713)206-8080. 
 My understanding is that the transportation and shipping business is all=20 being done physically right now.  Our plan was to get Cheryl involved with= =20 the derivatives contracts first.  Since there is so much more written about= =20 them and more of an industry consensus as to what they should look like, we= =20 thought it would be easier for her to learn the ropes in this area. =20 
 Denis:  Try Deb Korkmas at 713-853-5448.  Happy Holidays!  Mark    Denis O'Connell 12/27/2000 06:18 AM 
 Thanks Mark.  I think this one went to a whole lot of people - I can't tell if it was on purpose or a mistake! 
 Is there a retail location in Houston, TX where I can find an AF3.0HD?  Thanks,  Mark Taylor (713)853-7459 (office) (713)863-7190 (home) (713)646-3490 (fax) 
 Yes, I think we were ok with the base language - it was just those last issues we were waiting on.    Greg Johnston 01/02/2001 03:34 PM 
 Why don't you come in Saturday night & I'll take you to dinner? 
 I did get Janet the white top (Interlock turtleneck - Medium, color - white #A32027)  from Talbots.  It was the fleece vest that they didn't have in the stores.  I did not get the towels.  Glad the computer is working better for you.  It makes all the difference in the world to have it speed up.  For me it actually becomes more useful since I cant stand just sitting there staring at it waiting for something to happen.  My paperwhites haven't bloomed yet - I do remember from the last time I grew some that the fragrance can be almost overpowering.  I wonder if people grow them outdoors when the weather warms up.  The smell might work better with more room to disperse.  This time I have six coming up all at once - I hope I can stand it!  Love,  Mark 
 I think the answers will be the same for Stockholm - i.e. as long as we are not giving advice with respect to futures contracts (valuations or trading advice) or handling customer funds there should not be any Commodity Exchange Act issues. 
 That's fine.  We don't keep particularly careful track of these things but pretty much estimate the percentages on a quarterly basis.    Francisco Pinto Leite@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 01/03/2001 04:13 PM 
 Just so you can see what is happening..... 
 Looks good to me.    Stephanie Panus@ENRON 01/04/2001 08:31 AM 
 Do you know if Enron is trying to have any input in the selection process?    Chris Long@ENRON 01/04/2001 09:38 AM 
 I think this will do for now.  Thanks    Becky Spencer 01/04/2001 10:01 AM 
 Sounds good to me.    Tanya Rohauer 01/04/2001 03:35 PM 
 Elizabeth Sager, who is responsible for power trading documentation in North America and was in large part responsible for drafting the Industrial Master several years ago, is reviewing the proposed form.  She will have comments for us by Monday morning, Houston time. 
 I can't believe you have to change planes in Chicago AND Dallas!  I don't remember you being that willing to suffer for a cheaper ticket.  Bummer - looks like I'll just have to be the wimp this time.  There's really no way I can get away next week.  I have heard of las ventanas - but I didn't know about the evian spritzing.  Maybe next time.  Any more thoughts on a week that works for sailing?  I could spring for a bottle of evian and a plant mister...... 
 Just a quick note to give you as much warning as possible.  The next phase of the office construction process will begin in just over a week.  That means it is finally time to move into your new offices.  Taffy Milligan will be submitting the move request (for next Friday - Jan. 12) and will have details directly.  Your assistants can help you order boxes and arrange your move. 
 Just a quick note to give you as much warning as possible.  The next phase of the office construction project will begin in a little over a week.  There is good news and bad news.  First the bad: the office which you currently occupy will be in the next construction phase.    Now the good:  it looks like we will probably have a place for you to sit until your new office is ready. Taffy Milligan will submit the move request (for next Friday - Jan. 12) and will have details directly.  Your assistants can help you order boxes and arrange your move. 
 That's a great idea - I'll see if I can line up a boat - anywhere in particular you'd like to sail?  (BVI makes sense if there's a newcomer along.)  Where do you fly into to get to Charlottesville?    "Linda Hayman" <LHAYMAN@skadden.com> 01/04/2001 07:20 PM 
 I'll definitely take the room.  How (and when) do you plan to get there?  Do you rent a car in DC and drive or fly into Charlottesville?    "Linda Hayman" <LHAYMAN@skadden.com> 01/05/2001 10:15 AM 
 Approved. 
 We can try - an we'll ask the planners to put that in the design.  But Mark H. has indicated a desire to get rid of as many of the tall walls as possible and he approves all of the construction requests personally, so we may not succeed.    Suzanne Adams 01/05/2001 12:10 PM 
 Approved. 
 As per our telephone call. 
 You might find the attached of interest.  I fear it is time to consider the S&C memorandum we discussed at our first meeting in New York. 
 Any chance this language came from a credit facility that provides for the issuance of letters of credit?    Russell Diamond 01/05/2001 05:20 PM 
 Seems to me that L/C's are the way to go then, rather than asking for cash or another asset as collateral.  (Another option would be to mix and match - taking cash up to $10 mil. and L/C's beyond that.)   Lenders frequently set up the facilities available to the borrower this way so they keep control over how much "debt" is supported by the asset base while still giving the borrower some flexibility.  As you can imagine, most other extenders of credit are willing to take the bank's L/C in lieu of a lien on a hard asset.    Russell Diamond 01/08/2001 06:42 PM 
 Yes, I'm looking forward to it.    RAISLERK@sullcrom.com 01/09/2001 09:52 AM 
 ispq.com webcamnow.com cuseemeworld.com http://128.121.244.46/videochat/help/index.asp eyeball.com apps6.ifriends.net/cgi/iArchive.exe?screenname=RAGDOLL - 3k 
 Enron Online Transactions .  Any member of the Envera Network (an =01&Envera Network Member=018) who = is a=20 customer of EOL may submit to EGM an irrevocable offer to buy or sell any= =20 petrochemical, natural gas liquids, or plastics product that is then traded= =20 by EGM on EnronOnline, on the standard terms and conditions (including=20 without limitation quantity, quality, shipping dates and payment terms) as= =20 are established for such products on EnronOnline=01v, at a price that is be= tween=20 the bid and ask prices then posted by EGM on EnronOnline=01v, with such off= ers=20 being a binding commitment by such Envera Network Member to complete the=20 proposed transaction on the same trading day (as trading days are determine= d=20 by EGM).  EGM agrees to conditionally accept such offers, subject to the=20 following requirements and limitations: Current Envera Network Members (as of the Closing Date) may submit such=20 offers on or before the first anniversary of the Closing Date, and not=20 thereafter.  Any Envera Network Member who first becomes a member after the= =20 Closing Date but before December 31, 2001, shall have until the first=20 anniversary of its membership agreement with Envera in which to submit such= =20 offers, but not thereafter.  Any Envera Network Member who first becomes a= =20 member after December 31, 2001, shall not be entitled to submit any offers = to=20 EGM under this Section 8.2.  All of EGM=01,s obligations under this Section= 8.2=20 shall expire no later than December 31, 2002. The irrevocable offer by the Envera Network Member must be placed as a lim= it=20 order on EnronOnline=01v and made irrevocable until the end of the trading = day=20 in writing (by facsimile or otherwise) or otherwise in accordance with the= =20 standard confirmation procedures of EGM.  In no event will EGM be liable fo= r=20 any failure to complete any limit order or trade. =20 The Envera Network Member must be a registered user of EnronOnline=01v and= =20 qualified to trade in the product that is the subject of the offer, all in= =20 accordance with the standard terms established by EGM or EnronOnline=01v. EGM will accept or reject the offer on or before the close of the trading= =20 day and will communicate such acceptance or rejection to the Envera Network= =20 Member; if accepted the transaction will be completed through EnronOnline= =01v. =20 EGM's acceptance or rejection may be based on EGM=01,s ability to reverse t= he=20 trade with a third party or otherwise fully mitigate the risk created by th= e=20 trade, and on such criteria as EGM applies to such trades generally,=20 including without limitation its evaluation of the credit risk of such Enve= ra=20 Network Member based on EGM's standard credit policies then in effect. Any trades of similar products by EGM shall be independent of the=20 transaction offered by the Envera Network Member.  EGM's trades will be for= =20 its own account and in no event shall EGM trade for or on behalf of the=20 Envera Network Member. Neither EGM nor EOL will charge the Envera Network Member any transaction= =20 fees with respect to such transaction. The aggregate number of transactions that EGM will be obligated to accept= =20 pursuant to this Section 8.2 shall not exceed one hundred (100) per Envera= =20 Network Member, and shall not exceed an aggregate of five thousand (5,000). No offers shall be accepted by EGM under this Section 8.2 after December 3= 1,=20 2002. No transactions under this Section 8.2 will be executed if, in the sole go= od=20 faith judgment of EOL or EGM, upon advice of its counsel, the result or=20 effect of which may be that any of EGM, EOL, or EnronOnline=01v, their=20 Affiliates or any of their respective businesses (i) could become subject t= o=20 regulation under the Commodities Exchange Act, as amended; (ii) could becom= e=20 subject to regulation by the Commodities Futures Trading Commission; or (ii= i)=20 could become subject to any regulatory proceeding, investigation, action,= =20 inquiry or review. 
 Nora - I got your voice mail & will try to call you soon - I'm stuck on a conference call.  I tend to agree with you - this seems to me to be contrary to our policy.  On the other hand, it also sounds like a request we would want to make if we were on the other side.    Nora Dobin@ENRON 01/11/2001 10:06 AM 
 Sorry Andrea - I just tried to open this and it turns out to be the Spanish version.    Andrea Calo@ENRON 01/11/2001 01:53 PM 
 Thanks for the update - the fax came in and was delivered to Jeff Hodge by mistake - I'll leave it at your desk.    Holly Keiser@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 01/12/2001 04:53 PM 
 There will need to be confirmation templates for the internet-generated transactions that are slightly different from templates now used for telephone-generated transactions - Legal will have to give the confirm desk the necessary language.  This is not the GTC issue you and I discussed the other day - rather, I think the question is How will the internet-generated trade information reach the confirm desk and how will they know to use the internet trading language in the confirm they generate? 
 Here are some early drafts I worked on. 
 Re: assistant searches, I think you would be well advised to coordinate closely with Janette Elbertson. 
 I have a conflict with the Friday morning call this week.  Any chance you will be covering it?  I know you guys are busy this week..... 
 I'll let you know when I figure out what our Firm ID and Password are. 
 I just heard that there is a farewell party for Rainer on Friday afternoon - don't know any details. 
 Ohmygawd!  An e-mail message from Hal!  Now I know we really ARE in the 21st century.  I also get to Key West on the 24th and will be there until the 28th and don't need a place to stay because I will be at the conference hotel.  Ted will get there Friday eve.  I have meetings during the days Thursday & Friday and Sat. morning; dinner on Friday is also a scheduled event for me.  Otherwise I don't think we have specific plans.  Looking forward to it!  Mark 
 Sounds good to me - let's say dinner on Thursday and then either lunch or dinner - your choice - including Ted on Saturday.  We have no plans at all so far so we're flexible.  Mark 
 Tana has pointed out that Net Works does not have a policy (at least not one we have heard of) regarding the handling of original contract documentation after it is executed.  There is not an Enron-wide policy but instead a patch-work of policies created by the operating units.  Tana and I would be happy to discuss this with you - or whoever you want to designate - and make suggestions if you don't already have a plan in mind. 
 I see what you mean - the GTC's get attached to the confirms when they are sent out so the confirm desk needs to know which ones to attach if they are different. 
 Linda said she had an extra room booked - do I need to call the hotel directly or work through Linda?    "Andrea Williams" <AWILLIAM@skadden.com> 01/18/2001 05:50 PM 
 Peter  Welcome to Enron!  I usually get to the London office a couple of times a year and will look forward to meeting you there.  If not, hopefully we'll see you at the Law Conference in the Spring.  Most of your e-mail is well outside my area of expertise.  Are you consulting me regarding the regulatory issues and section 10.2?  If so, it would help if you told me what 10.2 says.....  Feel free to give me a call if you'd like to discuss.  Mark    Peter Traung@ENRON 01/18/2001 01:51 PM 
 Hey Jim,  Thanks for the note.  Nothing much new to report here.  Ted was in South Beach last weekend but came home a day early to work.  He's still trying to talk me into buying a new car which I would like to do but can't figure out what I really want.  I'm speaking at a conference in Key West next week and will stay through the weekend - I think it's the only place left on the continent that's warm.  Nothing like Zurich here but it's been in the 40's and rainy - seems like forever since I've been fully warm through.  Let us know when you find a place to live  Mark 
 try userid EOL67313 password WELCOME! 
 Hal  I hope you have access to e-mail in KW.  I'm down with the flu so we won't be able to make it.  I was really looking forward to this for a number of reasons - including the chance to get together with you.  I didn't have your phone number or e-mail address at home so I had a friend drop my work computer off on his way home tonight.  I've left a message for Don at home - sorry about late notice.  Mark 
 shouldn't the people who need filing cabinets order them for themselves?    Taffy Milligan 01/18/2001 09:37 AM 
 You are set to move as soon as the current construction phase is completed - we hope that will be by March 1. 
 In case you need to know.... 
 I may have missed it, but a VERY quick look at CNN's site showed no reports of computer virus activity since November.    "Taylor, Timothy G Mr HJF" <Timothy.Taylor@APG.AMEDD.ARMY.MIL> 01/26/2001 03:42 PM 
 Very good question - while you don't need to worry about otc swaps, otc options might be a problem.  However, if the customer is not a US entity, the advice is all given outside the US and does not relate to US futures or options, we feel reasonably comfortable that the risk is quite low that there would be a problem. 
 Not sure why you weren't on this distribution.... 
 Can you follow up with Anthony Dayao? 
 I should be down for sick time for Mon. through Thurs. last week.    Holly Keiser@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 01/29/2001 07:46 AM 
 Works for me.    Lisa Yoho@ENRON 01/29/2001 01:32 PM 
 In case the Four Seasons doesn't work out, there are two other hotels downtown you might consider:  The Stephen F. Austin (an Intercontinental I think) and the Driskill.  Both are old (by U.S. standards) hotels that have been updated.  For several years after its renovation the Driskill was the nicest place in town - then came the Four Seasons.  The Stephen F. Austin was just completely redone a year or so ago - I haven't been inside but I hear they did a nice job.  Both are primarily business hotels so they may have good weekend rates. 
 Sounds good to me.    Lisa Yoho@ENRON 01/29/2001 02:31 PM 
 Still available?    Janette Elbertson 01/30/2001 09:11 AM 
 FYI 
 Looks good to me! 
 FYI 
 I'm very flexible on who comes along - no views at all on that score.  It would help to know the number and cabin sharing arrangement ahead of time so we can book the correct size boat.  You can always change the amount of groceries but at some point all the boats will be reserved.  I called Keswick last week and gave them my credit card number for the extra room - it looks great from the website.  Will you be golfing or should we make massage appointments?  Now that I think about it, I'm not sure which days we have reserved - another alternative might be to stay near DC on the day we get back from sailing (Inn at Little Washington?).  My guess is it's an all day affair getting from a little island to DC so we may get in pretty late.  Tell Amanda I said Hi! 
 Very funny - although I have to say I thought yours was the least humorous of the bunch. 
 Fred - Here is a draft NDA - you will need to fill in the address for the customer.      Fred Philipson/ENRON@enronXgate 02/02/2001 11:55 AM 
 Contact: Toni L. Griffin Vice President of Corporate Communications 212.716.3975=20 For Immediate Release=20 AMERICAN ARBITRATION ASSOCIATION ELECTS NEW MEMBERS TO BOARD OF DIRECTORS A= ND=20 EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE=20 NEW YORK, May 2, 2000 -- Thirteen distinguished business, legal and dispute= =20 resolution professionals were elected to the Board of Directors of the=20 American Arbitration Association at its annual meeting held April 27 in New= =20 York, according to William K. Slate II, president and chief executive offic= er=20 of the Association.=20 In addition, four current board members were elected to serve on the=20 Executive Committee of the Board of Directors. Jerry M. Hunter, Esq., Bryan= =20 Cave LLP; Richard K. Jeydel, Senior Vice President, Secretary and General= =20 Counsel, Kanematsu USA Inc.; Richard W. Page, Esq., The Page Firm; and Mark= =20 A. Roesler, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, CMG Worldwide, Inc.=20 The newly elected members of the board are: George F. Becker, President,=20 United Steelworkers of America, AFL-CIO, CLC; John Beechey, Esq., Clifford= =20 Chance LLP; Jose M. de Lasa, Senior Vice President, Secretary and General= =20 Counsel, Abbott Laboratories; Robert A. Georgine, Chairman, President and= =20 CEO, The Union Labor Life Insurance Company (ULLICO); Gilberto Giusti, Esq.= ,=20 Pinheiro Neto-Advogados; Olivia F. Kirtley, CPA, Vice President, Vermont=20 American Corporation; Angel Mu=0Foz-Noya, Esq., Lespier & Mu=0Foz-Noya; Dr.= Joan=20 Parker, labor-management and employment arbitrator; Dr. Alejandro Ponieman,= =20 Asociacion Interamericana de Mediacion Centro Para la Resolucion de=20 Conflictos; Dennis Rivera, President, 1199 SEIU New York's Health & Human= =20 Service Union, AFL-CIO; Juan Rodriguez, Legal Advisor, BP Amoco p.l.c.;=20 Professor Theodore J. St. Antoine, James E. and Sarah A. Degan Professor=20 Emeritus of Law, University of Michigan Law School; and Timothy J. Sullivan= ,=20 President, the College of William and Mary.=20 The leader in conflict management since 1926, the American Arbitration=20 Association is a not-for-profit, public service organization dedicated to t= he=20 resolution of disputes through the use of arbitration, mediation,=20 conciliation, negotiation, democratic elections, and other voluntary=20 procedures. In 1999, more than 140,000 cases were filed with the American= =20 Arbitration Association in a full range of matters including commercial=20 finance, construction, labor and employment, environmental, health care,=20 insurance, real estate and securities disputes. Through 37 offices in the= =20 United States and cooperative agreements with arbitral institutions in 38= =20 other countries, the AAA provides a forum for the hearing of disputes, rule= s=20 and procedures and a roster of impartial experts to hear and resolve cases. 
 Board of Directors=20 Sara Adler, Esq. *|**=20 Law Office of Sara Adler=20 Howard J. Aibel, Esq. +|++ LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene & MacRae, L.L.P.=20 C. Mark Baker, Esq. Fulbright & Jaworski L.L.P.=20 William B. Baker * Vice President, Emeritus University of California=20 William L.D. Barrett, Esq. * Hollyer Brady Smith Troxell Barrett Rockett Hines & Mone LLP=20 William L. Bergan, Esq. Bond, Schoeneck & King, LLP=20 Hon. Nicholas J. Bua Burke, Weaver, Prell, Holland & Knight=20 Christine W.S. Byrd, Esq. Irell & Manella LLP=20 Don Cameron Executive Director National Education Association=20 Joe F. Canterbury, Jr., Esq. Canterbury, Stuber, Elder, Gooch & Surratt, P.C.=20 James H. Carter, Esq. *|** Sullivan & Cromwell=20 Gilbert F. Casellas President and Chief Operating Officer The Swarthmore Group=20 Louis L.C. Chang, Esq. Kuniyuki & Chang=20 Richard Chernick, Esq.=20 Zela G. Claiborne, Esq.=20 Theodore J. Collins Senior Vice President Law & Contracts The Boeing Company=20 Peter D. Collisson, Esq.=20 Robert Coulson +|++=20 Scott A. Crozier, Esq. Senior Vice President and General Counsel PETsMART, Inc.=20 Edward S.G. Dennis, Jr., Esq. Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP=20 Roger L. Desjadon Chief Operating Officer Prudential Property & Casualty Insurance Company=20 J. Richard Devlin Executive Vice President General Counsel and External Affairs Sprint=20 Deborah Enix-Ross Senior Legal Officer WIPO Arbitration and Mediation Center World Intellectual Property Organization=20 John D. Feerick *|** Dean Fordham University Law School=20 Sandra Feldman President American Federation of Teachers, AFL=01)CIO=20 Linda K. Foley President The Newspaper Guild=01)CWA=20 George S. Frazza, Esq. Of Counsel Patterson, Belknap, Webb & Tyler LLP=20 Robert E. Garber Executive Vice President and General Counsel AXA Financial, Inc.=20 Hon. Joyce J. George Emeritus=20 Hon. John J. Gibbons Gibbons, Del Deo, Dolan, Griffinger & Vecchione=20 Reynaldo P. Glover President TLC =01)LC, Inc.=20 James P. Groton, Esq. Sutherland Asbill & Brennan LLP=20 Bobby Marzine Harges Professor Loyola University New Orleans, School of Law=20 C. C. Harness, III, Esq. Harness & Associates, Inc.=20 Conrad K. Harper, Esq. *|** Simpson Thacher & Bartlett=20 Sally A. Harpole, Esq. Deacons Graham & James=20 Norman M. Hinerfeld +|++ Chairman and Chief Executive Officer The Delta Group=20 Kay H. Hodge, Esq. Stoneman, Chandler & Miller LLP=20 James R. Holbrook, Esq. Callister Nebeker & McCullough=20 Bud Geo. Holman, Esq. *|** Kelley Drye & Warren LLP=20 Hon. Howard M. Holtzmann +|++=20 Judith Richards Hope, Esq. Paul, Hastings, Janofsky & Walker LLP=20 William K. Hoskins President Hoskins & Associates=20 Jane Howard-Martin, Esq. *|** Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP=20 Jerry M. Hunter, Esq.*** Bryan Cave LLP=20 R. William Ide III *|** Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Monsanto Company=20 Richard K. Jeydel *** Senior Vice President Secretary and General Counsel Kanematsu USA Inc.=20 Joia M. Johnson *|** Vice President and General Counsel RARE Hospitality International, Inc.=20 Arthur E. Joyce Senior Counsel =01) Labor and Employment Law General Electric Company=20 Jeffrey B. Kindler Executive Vice President and General Counsel McDonald=01,s Corporation=20 Bernard T. King, Esq. Blitman & King LLP=20 Edward V. Lahey, Jr. *|** General Counsel Essex Boat Works, Inc.=20 L. Gene Lemon, Esq.=20 Frankie Fook-Lun Leung, Esq.=20 Sanford M. Litvack Vice Chairman of the Board The Walt Disney Company=20 Richard S. Lombard, Esq. +|++=20 Carlos E. Loumiet, Esq. Greenberg Traurig, P.A.=20 Vincent J. Love, C.P.A. ++ Partner Kramer & Love=20 E. Nobles Lowe, Esq. +|++=20 Lewis Maltby President National Workrights Institute=20 Siri S. Marshall Senior Vice President, Corporate Affairs and General Counsel General Mills=20 LaBrena Jones Martin Director General Counsel Law and Compliance RBC Dominion Securities Corporation=20 Kenneth R. Masterson Executive Vice President General Counsel and Secretary FedEx Corporation=20 Maud Mater Executive Vice President General Counsel & Secretary Freddie Mac=20 Hon. Vincent L. McKusick Pierce Atwood=20 Anne H. McNamara Senior Vice President & General Counsel American Airlines, Inc.=20 Paul S. Miller Executive Vice President and General Counsel Pfizer Inc.=20 Charles R. Morgan Executive Vice President and General Counsel BellSouth Corporation=20 Sara E. Moss Vice President and General Counsel Pitney Bowes Inc.=20 Richard E. Mulroy, Esq.=20 Betty Southard Murphy, Esq. * Baker & Hostetler LLP=20 James J. Myers, Esq. Gadsby Hannah LLP=20 Lawrence O=01,Donnell, III Senior Vice President General Counsel and Secretary Waste Management, Inc.=20 Martin J.Oppenheimer, Esq. Proskauer Rose LLP=20 Carlos G. Ortiz General Counsel Goya Foods, Inc.=20 Richard W. Page, Esq. *** The Page Firm Deval L. Patrick Vice President and General Counsel Texaco Inc.=20 Roberta Cooper Ramo, Esq. Modrall, Sperling, Roehl, Harris & Sisk, P.A.=20 Lucy F. Reed, Esq. Freshfields LLP=20 Carlos M. Rivera-Vicente, Esq. Cancio, Nadal, Rivera, Diaz & Berrios=20 David W. Rivkin, Esq. Debevoise & Plimpton=20 C. Kenneth Roberts, Esq.=20 Norman L. Roberts, Esq.=20 Barbara Paul Robinson, Esq. Debevoise & Plimpton=20 Robert L. Robinson, Esq.=20 Mark A. Roesler *** Chairman and Chief Executive Officer CMG Worldwide, Inc.=20 Thomasina V. Rogers, Esq.=20 Landon H. Rowland Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Kansas City Southern Industries, Inc.=20 Stevan A. Sandberg Executive Managing Director Advisory Services Group Cushman & Wakefield, Inc.=20 Diane K. Schumacher *|** Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Cooper Industries, Inc.=20 Dr. Siegfried Schwung Associate General Counsel DaimlerChrysler AG=20 John Scriven Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary The Dow Chemical Company=20 Jerome J. Shestack, Esq. Wolf, Block, Schorr and Solis-Cohen, LLP=20 Charlie Silvestri=20 Marsha E. Simms, Esq. *|** Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP=20 William K. Slate II *|** President and Chief Executive Officer American Arbitration Association=20 Janet Maleson Spencer, Esq.=20 Delbert L. Spurlock, Jr. Executive Vice President and Associate Publisher New York Daily News=20 Thomas J. Stipanowich William L. Matthews Professor of Law University of Kentucky College of Law=20 Donald B. Straus +|++=20 Pamela B. Strobel Executive Vice President and General Counsel Commonwealth Edison Company=20 Michael P. Sullivan President and Chief Executive Officer International Dairy Queen, Inc.=20 John J. Sweeney President American Federation of Labor and Congress of Industrial Organizations=20 Hon. John Charles Thomas *|** Hunton & Williams=20 Robert M. Tobias=20 John M. Townsend, Esq. *|** Hughes Hubbard & Reed LLP=20 Richard L. Trumka Secretary =01) Treasurer American Federation of Labor and Congress of Industrial Organizations=20 M. Caroline Turner Senior Vice President and General Counsel Coors Brewing Company=20 Andrea E. Utecht Senior Vice President Secretary & General Counsel Elf Atochem North America, Inc.=20 Howard D. Venzie, Jr., Esq. Venzie, Phillips & Warshawer=20 Robert B. von Mehren, Esq. Retired Partner Debevoise & Plimpton=20 Richard S. Ward, Esq.=20 Hon. William H. Webster Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy LLP=20 Judith Whittaker *|** Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Hallmark Cards, Incorporated=20 Donald E. Wightman National President Utility Workers Union of America, AFL=01)CIO=20 Michael S. Wilder Group Senior Vice President General Counsel The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc.=20 J. Warren Wood, III *|** Vice President General Counsel & Secretary The Robert Wood Johnson Foundation=20 Jack J. Woolf=20 Kathryn D. Wriston, Esq. *=20 Max Zimny *|** General Counsel Union of Needletrades, Industrial and Textile Employees (UNITE), AFL=01)CIO, CLC=20 * Member of the 1999 Executive Committee ** Member of the 2000 Executive Committee *** 2000 Executive Committee Nominee + Past President or Chairman ++ Honorary Member of the Executive Committee 
 The EnronOnline team has asked if we can discontinue sending copies of the GTC's when EnronOnline transactions are confirmed.  They have suggested a sentence be added to the confirmation to the effect that it is subject to the GTC's which can be accessed on the website.  Any thoughts? 
 I don't know why any of my time would be charged in this way.  Maybe if you can give me a little more detail I could help. 
 As you are all aware, the legal department has grown significantly over the last several months.  While so far we have been able to find places for everyone to sit, we have not added significantly to the available file cabinet space on the floor.  In fact, a number of file cabinets are now in locations where they will not be able to remain due to fire code requirements.  Please review the files you currently have stored outside your own office space and, after condensing, archiving and destroying as many as possible, give an inventory of your current usage and needs to your group leader.  Once we have an accurate picture of our needs, we can come up with a plan to allocate the available file cabinet space.  Most if not all of us will have to make significant sacrifices and modify our filing practices so that we each reduce our file space usage to our fair share. 
 Apparently my first attempt wasn't delivered to you guys.  Sorry about that. 
 Sheri -  I'm not sure this is an issue for me.  Aren't you in Lance's group now?  Mark     Sheri L Cromwell 02/06/2001 02:08 PM 
 Here is another draft from the business guys. 
 Janette - Can you give us the straight scoop? 
 There is a master agreement in place between ECT and Koch Energy Trading, Inc.  I have never heard of Koch Carbon.  My immediate concern is as to the Enron entity.  It is not clear to me why Peter thinks this trade is between ECT and a Koch entity since he does not have authority to bind ECT. 
 Ken:  I have no idea how any of my time would have been charged to an Africa project.  Of course, I have no idea how any of my time gets charged to any project so my ignorance shouldn't be used as a guide.  In any event, if it is my time, it is clearly there in error.  Is there any detail describing what I am supposed to have done during those hours?  That might help me redirect the errant time to  where it belongs.  There used to be another Mark E. Taylor at Enron.  He worked for EI and was based in London.  Any chance this is his time?  Mark 
 I spoke with Susan Bulgawicz again today.  She relates the following points:  Gensler has been subcontracted to do interior space planning and design for the new building generally While our work is probably in addition to that already agreed (and will therefore be billed to us) it should be covered by an amendment to the existing agreement rather than a new, separate agreement Bill Donovan feels that the design and space planning work should be done as near in time as possible to the actual construction work to avoid having to redo the work (and pay twice) to take into account new factors not apparent earlier (e.g. organizational and technology changes) Bill's view is that we are 3 to 6 months premature at this point in doing this work for the legal department  Susan suggested that you might want to call Bill to discuss this and talk about how you want to move forward. 
 Tana - Do we have NDAs in place with the following companies that would cover discussions with them concerning wireless connectivity for EnronOnline?  Agent Go Aether Systems JP Systems Luminant Lante Outercurve Tibco 
 Do we have our other desired changes incorporated at this point?    Carol St Clair 02/08/2001 04:24 PM 
 I hope you've had the VCR going. 
 Any thoughts? 
 Sounds good to me.    Carol St Clair 02/09/2001 04:42 PM 
 Looks like I will NOT be able to have my cell phone on during our meetings - but here is the number if you need to get a message to me. 
 Have a good time! 
 Francisco - Here is an ISDA that Peggy needs in connection with a project she is working on in Mexico.  Can you take care of this one?  It looks like it is a deal-specific agreement for an interest rate swap or swaps.  Sara can probably fill you in on the kinds of changes from our standard form that would be ok. 
 FYI 
 fyi 
 FYI 
 When we meet this afternoon I'd also like to discuss the Canadian traders using EnronOnline average prices as an index for financial trades. 
 Apparently this came yesterday but I didn't see it since it didn't come directly from David.  Sorry about that. 
 Yes, I'm planning to be on the call.    Chris Long@ENRON 02/15/2001 10:01 AM 
 This looks like a pretty good list.  My suggestions would be to substitute Elizabeth Sager for Leslie Hansen who is on maternity leave and to add Denis O'Connell in London for credit derivatives.    Vanessa Schulte@ENRON 02/05/2001 05:21 PM 
 fyi 
 No problem - I'm glad we go it straightened out.  Do you do any work with Yao Apasu in Legal?  Yao & I go way back. 
 Please arrange for the promotion for Sara Shackleton from Sr. Counsel to Asst. General Counsel effective March 1, 2001. 
 This was the last e-mail from Leslie on the topic.  We talked afterwards and I thought she was going to talk to Andy about this but never heard back. 
 Vikas -  Thanks for your note.  Enron does have a policy that somewhat restricts the trading that may be done by employees - even when they are not involved in a trading function.  No Enron employee is permitted to trade any commodity for their own account (or for the account of another) which Enron trades.  The only general exceptions to this are for equity and debt securities - and there are special restrictions on persons who trade those items for Enron. This policy is modified from time to time by the Enron Corp. Board of Directors and is monitored by the Risk Assessment and Control Group.  I believe Cassandra Schultz currently has that responsibility.  I am sending her a copy of this e-mail (so in case I have misrepresented the policy in some way, Cassandra please correct me) and if you need any further information, please contact her.  Mark    Vikas Dwivedi@ENRON 02/20/2001 04:08 PM 
 Gentlemen:  Several points regarding the below:  We worked for the first half of 1999 to try and negotiate a master agreement with TDCC but failed due to an inability to agree on credit terms (i.e. TDCC wouldn't sign a master with ANY credit terms in it at all).  Rod Nelson was the Credit Dept. person responsible for this counterparty at that time. If we want to start down this road again, the first step is to contact someone in Credit and have them generate the necessary credit terms for  a master agreement.  Unless the commercial folks have already, I'll ask someone in my group to get that process started. The e-mail from Dow indicates: "TDCC has never accepted and cannot accept the Terms and Conditions included in the confirmations sent by Enron." All credit concerns aside, if Dow is not signing and returning our confirmations, then based on this statement our derivatives trading with them should stop immediately on legal grounds. The e-mail as forwarded to me did not contain the attachment.  Does someone here have it?  Let's hope it works out better this time.  Mark    John Viverito@ENRON 02/20/2001 01:55 PM 
 All four look fine to me. 
 FYI 
 FYI 
 I think the "Wes" we were looking for the other day may be Wes Colwell who I think may be in charge of accounting for ENA.  If not, maybe somebody on this list will know something about FAS133. 
 Sounds good to me.    Bruce Lundstrom@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 02/22/2001 09:41 AM 
 Looks good to me.  Please make sure Holly puts it on the group calendar.    Stephanie Panus@ENRON 02/22/2001 09:01 AM 
 Yes, a standard presentation that shows generally what traders see when they use the system would be good.  We should definitely avoid being too technical.    Lisa Yoho@ENRON 02/22/2001 02:55 PM 
 They don't have the exclusive line (brand new) boat for our week but they do have this one.  If you can get in the night before we can actually stay on the boat and leave early in the morning - effectively getting an extra day of sailing.  If you want to check it out online, their website is www.moorings.com and the boat is a 463.  There's some good stuff on the site for people who've never been before - Bill might find it comforting. 
 I have taken a stab at a Legal & Privacy Statement for the Broker version of EnronOnline.  Please take a look and let me know what you think.  Justin - I don't know if or when they expect to launch something like this in Europe but I expect it won't be long.  Mark G. has been working on the Broker version of the ETA (the "BETA") and a Fee Agreement which we can send along. 
 Subj. test 
 Please take a few minutes to select your reviewers for the mid-year performance review process and enter them in the Performance Management System so that we can move this process along.  Thanks!  Mark 
 Many changes. 
 Here's my stab. 
 Approved. 
 Becky - please take Mark Haedicke off of the distribution list for this meeting.    Becky Spencer 02/27/2001 09:15 AM 
 Stephanie:  This is like a very complicated game of musical chairs.  Right now there ar= e=20 people in the offices that have been designated for Michelle and Gail.  We= =20 can't move you guys in until we move them out.  We can't move them out yet= =20 because we don't have any more places to move people!  There is a design th= at=20 has been drawn up to create some additional space (essentially by shrinking= a=20 lot of other spaces) which I hope will be built out by mid March.  That's t= he=20 best I can do right now.  Sorry for the confusion.  Mark 
 Approved 
 I'm in all week - just give me a call.    Lisa Yoho@ENRON 02/27/2001 02:09 PM 
 We are trying to decide what to do this weekend and wondered (with fond memories of last year in mind) what you guys had planned..... 
 Approved.  Do we have extra monitors/keyboards already on the floor? 
 Any idea how I should handle this? 
 Just wanted to make sure you had received this. 
 Just wanted to say hello.  I hadn't heard from you lately and wondered how things were going.  Have you moved out of the hotel yet?  I know how depressing it can be going home to a hotel room every night.  Even though the hotel where I lived for the first three months I was in Jakarta was very nice, it was still just a hotel room.  I was so glad to get out of there into an apartment - major quality of life improvement.  We've been just busy enough for me this month: Austin for a couple of days on Presidents' Day weekend, a Rockets game last Friday, and we're off to the Diverse Works annual gala on Saturday.   Ted wants to leave town to do something - anything - next weekend but I'm trying to talk him out of it since we're taking that week-long cruise starting the following Saturday. Since my arguments carry no weight, I'm just lucky that air fares are surprisingly high right now - $1000 rt to Ft. Lauderdale is even too high for Ted.  Ted's brother is working on a  project here in town so we had him over the other night for dinner.  Ted had planned - can you guess - tuna steaks, having conveniently forgotten that his brother is allergic to fish.  How do you just forget something like that?  Luckily they went to the gym ahead of time and Ted mentioned what was on the menu so they stopped at the store and bought his brother a steak on the way home.  That nice January bump in Enron's stock price is ancient history now - pretty much the whole thing has been given back.  I'm still going to buy a new car - looks like an Audi A6 - but just one.  Hope you are doing well!  Mark 
 The cruise is a western Caribbean cruise on a Carnival Lines ship - leaving from Galveston on the 17th.  I'm actually looking forward to it.  I may not be partying with the best of them (or have a body that would entitle me to even try) but a week in warm weather in a deck chair with a good book and a waiter bringing tropical drinks is sounding really good right now.  As for Europe, Ted is thinking London, Amsterdam, Berlin, Finland, Iceland and Norway (think blond and English speaking).  Personally, I'm reasonably flexible, but I'd rather go biking or barging through the wine country in France or relaxing in a Tuscan hill town or villa than disco-hopping through another Scandinavian capital or revisiting the bars in London.  Berlin, Prague and Budapest appeal since I've never been to any of them.  Or maybe I can get over to Barcelona just before your cruise with Ted - maybe with a few days in the wine country or Madrid beforehand? 
 FYI 
 Every time I try to go to the "next step" and choose a hotel room type I get the hotel selection for the Sonoma weekend instead of whichever trip I'm looking at. 
 I would be interested in your thoughts. 
 Let's talk at our group meeting tomorrow about the changes we should be making to our forms based on the CFMA and our conversation with Ken Raisler. 
 Wow - I suppose it might be mine but I have no idea what it is!    Mark A Taylor@EES 03/07/2001 07:05 AM 
 My comments below.    David Forster@ENRON 03/06/2001 11:31 AM 
 As soon as you like.    Mary Cook 03/07/2001 11:51 AM 
 My guess is this was a holdover from last year's list.    Brent Hendry@ENRON 03/07/2001 07:53 AM 
 Ann Ballard in the Corp. legal dept. called me about these guys today.  You might check with her to see where things stand.    Vladimir Gorny/ENRON@enronXgate 03/06/2001 07:58 PM 
 This is one I did for steel.  It should probably be beefed up to include reference to an ISDA master to be signed up front. 
 Here's one Carol did. 
 FYI 
 We think the HoustonStreet disclaimer is not just overkill but entirely unnecessary.  And I plan to remind all of you of this the next time you claim the Enron lawyers are too conservative! 
 FYI. 
 OK    Brent Hendry@ENRON 03/12/2001 09:25 AM 
 I think this is probably OK.  You should probably just check with Samantha & Tana to make sure they aren't planning something then.  Since it is Good Friday, it might be a little slower than usual.    Stephanie Panus@ENRON 03/12/2001 08:17 AM 
 Greg:  It looks like Melba sent you an example of a put.  There is nowhere else on the website to explain the different calculations so they use the identical Long Description except for that one clause to differentiate between puts and calls.  So far there have not been any collars, straddles, etc. offered.  On the second change, it looked to me like the preceding sentence already covers the treatment of holidays:  ...at the end of such day (normally being 4:05 p.m. (MPT)) on EnronOnline (or for Saturdays, Sundays and statutory holidays, at the end of the day on the preceding business day)...  which makes the deleted language redundant.    Greg Johnston 03/12/2001 11:30 AM 
 napcameback.com 
 If they can figure out a way to do it, more power to them - but there are only just so many characters available in the short description line.    Greg Johnston 03/12/2001 02:18 PM 
 I wish I could - unfortunately I will be out of town on vacation next week. Thanks for asking!    Alan Aronowitz 03/12/2001 06:25 PM 
 I'm not sure if Carol's request ever made it to you - she is asking for a flat panel monitor - approved. 
 Thanks for your note - here is the form.  I think we should be able to find someone internally so let's at least try that first. 
 I have canceled my earlier plans so I have a lot of flexibility now.  If my preference enters into the equation, I would say 2 or 6 August would be perfect (I could tack a holiday on to one end or the other) but I recognize that may be too late. 
 Mary - here are the confirms I mentioned.  Mike - can you send us a red-lined version from the original Annex A form? 
 Let's look at the internal candidates first.    Molly Magee/ENRON@enronXgate 03/13/2001 03:42 PM 
 It's OK to open AIG Energy Trading Inc. for US financial gas & power. 
 I'll be out the 26th but in the 27th - the afternoon would probably be better for me since it will be my first day back after vacation.    Sami Arap@ENRON 03/14/2001 08:45 AM 
 OK    Lisa Lees 03/13/2001 03:39 PM 
 Thought you might be interested in this message that went out to all Enron= =20 employees. 
 That works for me - Brent & I are both on 38 - my office is 3892.    Sami Arap@ENRON 03/14/2001 10:57 AM 
 Sorry for the delay - the general rule is that we will pay for a reasonable usage plan (huge numbers of minutes don't count as reasonable) but the phone itself is your own.    Keegan Farrell@ENRON 03/05/2001 09:01 AM 
 I don't think we should take this at face value -  company the size of Sunoco should be able to use an ISDA. 
 I guess it looks OK to me.  I'm surprised that they will have the ability to identify their own company as a counterparty.  Don't we limit the companies they can designate to those already signed up to trade on EnronOnline?    David Forster@ENRON 03/15/2001 08:19 AM 
 FYI 
 Marcus -  I understand you are the new physical power online lawyer - lucky you! Here's one that the EOL people are anxious to get covered.  I'd be happy to sit down and go over exactly what all this means and you'll probably want to talk to Tana a bit as well.  Mark 
 Shari Stack has resigned but Marcus Nettelton has been appointed to take over from the physical power side.  I'll sit down with him today and get him up to speed.    Andy Zipper/ENRON@enronXgate 03/15/2001 09:02 AM 
 I think the "sm" is their attempt to designate "enymex" as a service mark. 
 Jim will fill in when Tom isn't here - I'll figure out a way to get him the key, etc. 
 The next step is for Chad to contact the Credit Group in RAC.  They will do the credit analysis and send a  credit worksheet to the Swap Group paralegals who will prepare the first draft, run it by a lawyer and get it ready for the customer.    John Viverito@ENRON 03/15/2001 11:21 AM 
 I tend to agree with you, but Nora Dobin is the lawyer who knows the most about the DealBench system - you should probably check with her.    Chris Gaffney 03/15/2001 01:37 PM 
 I have the feeling that Koch finally decided to consolidate their financial trading with us into Koch Energy Trading.  They recently did a trade with our coal desk between ECT and Koch Carbon Inc.  Do we have a contact in legal (or elsewhere) at Koch we should call to see if they are willing to use Koch Energy Trading? 
 Looks good to me. 
 I suggest you work through Matthew Dawson in the London legal department. They should be able to help you.    Angeline Poon 03/16/2001 12:22 AM 
 I will be on vacation from Monday the 19th through Monday the 26th (returning to the office on Tuesday the 27th).  My cell phone and pager will not work either at sea or in the countries I will be visiting.  I can be reached via Maritime Communications Network at (877)225-7447 - you will need to give my name and the name of the ship - Celebration.  Since the rates are around $10 per minute, I don't plan to check my voicemail as often as usual but will call in when in port. 
 I don't know anything about the Daishowa transaction but have to wonder why this information could be relevant to much of anything not directly related to EnronOnline.  To the extent we can't avoid disclosing it, I would think that the traders in Calgary will know how many of them trade using the system.  If that doesn't work I would try Savita Puthigai (x31787) or David Forster (x31861) on the EnronOnline team.    Peter Keohane 03/16/2001 11:36 AM 
 David -  I haven't had a chance to look at this yet but thought I ought to send it on to you.  I will be out of the office (vacation) until the 27th and didn't want to lose the entire week.  Mark  ps - I lost all of my voice mails the other day and I think there was one from you regarding a possible conflict - my understanding is that we're just assigning a bunch of transactions over from one party to another and in that case I tend to think there's no problem. 
 I have not yet done the performance reviews for several people in the group. They are due by the 28th.  Please schedule 45 min. for me with each of Sara, Mary, Brent, Carol and Bob Bruce on Tuesday afternoon or Wednesday morning. 
 I'll certainly take them if nobody else does.    Janette Elbertson 03/28/2001 05:10 PM 
 I hadn't heard from you in a while - just wondered how you were. 
 http://www.clubcherry.net/html/masterframe.html 
 Any chance you're attending again this year?  It would be nice to catch up. 
 Kevin Meredith@ENRON 04/02/2001 10:42 AM 
 I highlighted the items I am concerned about (hard copy in your tray) - please check and make sure they make sense for us to pay.    Holly Keiser@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 04/02/2001 05:35 PM 
 Sounds like a great idea.  a couple of questions: Can we convert the draft into cash and still maintain our security interest? If not, can we get the bank to somehow guarantee that the funds will be there - in the US that would require either certification by the bank of the customer's draft or the issuance of an actual bank or cashier's check.    Peter Keohane 04/02/2001 07:02 PM 
 Yes - Thanks! 
 Thanks for the message back - I'll see you Friday! 
 How does this process usually start? 
 I think it's a nice idea.    Mary Cook 04/10/2001 10:25 AM 
 Chris -  Looks OK to me.    Chris Walker 04/11/2001 01:49 PM 
 Sorry about that Vance - I just missed it.  I don't see any problems here either.    Vance Meyer@ENRON 04/12/2001 04:29 PM 
 Erica -  I have no legal objections to the presentation.  I do have to wonder if it is wise from a commercial perspective to so heavily emphasize the importance of the success of EnronOnline to the company's business on the platform itself.  Mark 
 Here's a draft of the bullet points you requested: 
 I found this on a sailing magazine web page:  An acquaintance who is a professor of literature at Stanford brought Patrick O'Brian to my attention, claiming him to be the finest living author writing in the English language. Being an avid reader who had consumed about everything including, of course, all of Forster's Hornblower books, I had my doubts. But after an increasingly mesmerizing reading of all of the sixteen O'Brian Aubrey/Maturin novels then in print with ever mounting captivation and awe, I wholeheartedly concurred. After a second reading of the entire series which revealed to me previously undiscovered depths and glories I felt compelled to pay down the debt I owed this author for the wonderful, life-enriching experience he had given me. Since O'Brian obviously loved the sea, it occurred to me to write offering him a fortnight's cruse aboard my Perini ketch, the 154 foot Andromeda la Dea, for himself and his friends without any interfering presence from myself.  I asked Danielle Steel if she thought O'Brian would be offended by receiving such a letter and her interesting reply was, "I get about 20,000 letters per year from readers and I have yet to receive a single one offering to do anything for me - he will be delighted even if age and circumstances prevent him from accepting." So I wrote via his publisher, having literally no idea where in the world he lived, and after some forwarding delay I received his handwritten reply, in his fine and precise penmanship, saying "I accept your kind offer with perhaps obscene haste." As Mr. O'Brian was to give a lecture tour of the United States in early 1995 that included San Francisco, I invited him to dinner the week of his visit and I first saw him in person when I attended his lecture in Herbst Hall. His host was the poet laureate of America (Robert Haas). I was both charmed and alarmed when introduced to O'Brian's lightening quick wit and rather acerbic manner.  The following evening he and his wife, Mary, came to my house in Belvedere for a 'literary' dinner with admirers and one or two other authors. Mr. O'Brian was utterly charming, if perhaps a little aloof. He took tremendous interest in an Admiralty Board (dockyard) model I have of an English First Rater of 1702. He understood everything about that ship and greatly augmented my own knowledge. After the other guests departed, we settled into a series of brandies by the fire and I discovered: 1) his capacity for serious drinking greatly exceeded my own; 2) his reserve only eased very slightly in the presence of this unknown American (me) and; 3) his knowledge of the practical aspects of sailing seemed, amazingly, almost nil.  After a half liter of cognac had vanished (and we were still calling each other Mr. O'Brian and Mr. Perkins), I produced a chart of the Mediterranean and we began to discuss the agenda for his cruise.  I had learned that the O'Brians' home was in Collioure, a village on the Mediterranean coast of France just north of the Spanish border, in Basque country. The harbor of Port Vendres lies nearby, where Andromeda could pick all of them up. O'Brian then suggested a cruise circumnavigating Sicily, a stop in Greece, dropping by Beirut and winding up with a comprehensive tour of the Balearic islands. I was stunned! How, I wondered, could this old salt possibly comprehend a tour of over 3,000 nautical miles with numerous port calls, in only 14 days in a yacht capable of only about 12 knots?  As I began to explain the physical limitations of time and space he added a desire to drop the hook in Naples, Capri and Tangiers as well. While I could not reconcile this plan with reality, I assumed it was the wine in control and then I was both startled and pleased when he added at the evening's end that he had a major non-negotiable condition to accepting my offer; namely that I personally would join him, Mary and their guests aboard my yacht. ? In May 1995, as the departure date appoached, I had a rough time getting Andromeda to the tiny and picturesque Port Vendres in time to pick them up. Every time I have been in the Gulf of Lions, I have been pasted and this was one of the worst. Andromeda broke her inner forestay and lost all telecommunication as well, but after a real dusting we made it and O'Brian and Mary showed me around the village and offered a lunch at their modest and charming home. He took tremendous pride in his wine made from his own grapes, pressed and fermented in barrels in his cellar. I was fascinated by his office, where the books were written. It was lined floor to ceiling with reference works on an array of subjects (botany, geography, zoology, medicine, etc.) in several languages, but not a single volume dated later than 1820. He was literally immersed in the period of his work.  The following morning we were joined by his close friend, the scholar (and foremost authority on Peeps) Richard Ollard, his publisher Stuart Proffit and his agent Vivien Green. We finalized our itinerary with the decision to visit all the Balearic islands and O'Brian, somewhat wistfully, asked if an additional stop in Istanbul would not be possible? Told it was not, he boarded radiating the impression that I was something of an Indian giver, short-changing him on his yachting holiday.  Underway to Menorca beneath a sunny sky with a twenty knot following wind, the sailing was marvelous and O'Brian was delighted. I introduced him to the helm, but he seemed to have no feeling for the wind and the course, and frequently I had to intervene to prevent a full standing gybe. I began to suspect that his autobiographical references to his months at sea as a youth were fanciful. He had no idea of the limitations of even a big yacht like Andromeda in terms of the handling and actual distance we could cover in a day. However, he and Mary adapted quickly to the yacht with no trace of seasickness. Mary, quiet, kind, interesting and interested, was wonderful to have aboard. However, she was very frail. They were both nearly 80 and I constantly feared she would take a tumble with the ship's motion, but thankfully this never occurred.  Before dinner O'Brian asked me if I was familiar with an American drink called the martini and he tested my composition of two such killers with relish. All the conversations at the table were spirited and he was the center of the talk and controlled its direction totally. I found the level of sophistication and erudition of these people to be greater than any I had ever experienced, and when they turned to literary or historical contexts I was left far behind. My MIT engineer's degree had, alas, not prepared me for cultivated discourse at such a level. It was literally exhausting, but a marvel to follow.  The weather continued to be fine and the next morning we were off Menorca. O'Brian suggested that we sail (sail, not motor) into the long narrow channel leading to the port of Mahon, the location of the first meeting between Aubrey and Maturin. This was pretty tricky for a boat of Andromeda's size, but I carried it off, happily, without mishap. We had an interesting afternoon ashore with O'Brian showing us about the old city with intense enthusiasm while also demonstrating his fluency in Catalan, the local tongue. That evening, while at dinner back aboard the yacht, he suggested for the first time that I call him Patrick and he would use Tom for me.  And so our cruise continued, with Patrick showing keen interest in everything; we fished with some success; we sailed every day; we visited the port of Ciudadela on Menorca and we sailed past the majestic Cape Formentor on the northeast tip of Mallorca where Patrick was entranced by the thousands of sea birds. Ornithology was his true passion as it was for his character Stephen Maturin, who is clearly modeled on Patrick's physique and personality. ? One evening there was an extremely heated discussion around the table which led to hurt feelings requiring overnight to heal. It started with Patrick asking me if I had heard of a place, Indiana, and a school, the University of Indiana and did I think the school financially responsible? The University's English department had purchased (and not yet paid for) two or three of Patrick's manuscripts and had a professor offering a course on O'Brian which Patrick found intensely offensive. Patrick then mentioned that he was destroying all of his diaries, his journals and all of his correspondence so that no trace of his existence would remain save his novels.  Richard Ollard was aghast, and Ms. Green was very upset with this quite startling revelation. Ollard said that it was a crime against the future and reminded Patrick that he himself had relied heavily on Pablo Picasso's letters when he had written a well-received biography of the artist.  Patrick heatedly countered that Picasso had trusted him, but that he, Patrick, could not rely upon the goodwill of "some post-doctoral American fool." So the tension-filled discussion continued. The analogy of an artist framing his painting was raised; it was then complete and should not require either the support nor deserve the distraction of knowing the artist's frame of mind at the time of creation.  Now, after Patrick's death, we understand some of his thinking. He was his own construct, born Patrick Russ, English not Irish, not university educated, not a sailor, a father who abandoned his family, and altogether a piece of his own fiction. But, that night aboard Andromeda, only Mary knew the truth and understood his deep motives.  The following day the unpleasantness passed with more superb sailing in fine Mediterranean weather. While under full sail with the huge MPS drawing in light wind, with our centerboard keel raised and guided by - as it turned out - an inaccurate Spanish chart, we decided to sail between the coast and a small island, and we ran firmly aground in shallow water. In the Med one can't simply wait for a higher tide, so we emptied all our fresh water tanks and tried to back off. No luck. I blew out the water in our centerboard trunk with compressed air, over ten tons. Still no luck. Finally, we tied a long hawser to a rock astern and, using our anchor windlass to bar-tight tension, we slowly worked our way off waggling to and fro with our bow thruster. Patrick was delighted with all these nautical operations. He nearly believed, I thought, that we had arranged the event for his entertainment.  One morning at breakfast, after our friendship had become more firmly established, Patrick said, "Tom, I wish to ask you an embarrassing question which will reveal my utter and total ignorance of all things in this modern world. What is software?" My answer, "The piano is the hardware and the sheet music is the software," satisfied him and upon reflection, myself as well.  Every afternoon between two and five, Patrick retired to my on-board office to work on his novel The Yellow Admiral, then in progress. He borrowed the yacht's charts of France, particularly the area around Brest, to incorporate detail of the blockade of Brest which is featured in that book. Very much to Mary's surprise he showed me each day's progress. She said that he had never shared his work with anyone before completion. Later, Patrick sent me the original manuscript for this volume which I still keep aboard and which I treasure.  Thus we cruised for ten days arriving in Palma where the demands of business required that all of Patrick's guests and I depart. He and Mary continued on to Ibiza with the yacht's crew for three further days, mostly to study that island's renowned bird colonies. Then they sailed, uneventfully, back to Port Vendres.  My friendship with Patrick continued until his death in January of this year. We corresponded. He and Mary stayed in my home. They were aboard my schooner Mariette. We met at his club, Brooks, in London. He was a genius and his books remain a towering, towering achievement. I miss him greatly. - tom perkins belvedere  This story was reprinted from the August 2000 issue of Latitude 38. To order a copy (complete with photos in living black & white), use the subscription order form, and specify the 8/00 issue, or just drop us a note with a check for $7 to Latitude 38, Attn: Back Issues, 15 Locust Ave., Mill Valley, CA 94941. Please note: After a couple of years, the actual issue will no longer be available, but we will still be able to make photocopies of it.  ,2000, 2001 Latitude 38 Publishing Co., Inc. 
 Bill -  If Sam's description below of the GCP procedure is correct, it looks to me like something needs to be changed.  The difficulty lies in the fact that the confirmation system reads the counterparty's name from Global Counterparty. Since divisions of companies are not legal entities they do not have the power to contract in their own names.  If the correct legal name is not in Global Counterparty, the confirmation goes out with the wrong legal name on it seriously compromising the contract itself.  That is the source of Tana's concern regarding the correct entering of divisions in the system.  My suggestion is that Global Counterparty use the same name that the customer has signed on the EnronOnline Password Application -- my understanding is that the EnronOnline team returns inappropriate Applications to the customer until they are correctly completed.  In this particular case since the counterparty is still not allowed to transact on EnronOnline almost a month after sending in their application they are understandably upset and are now complaining.  I would appreciate it if you could get this one fixed today and, if you have any problem with changing the GCP procedure, please let me know.  Mark 
 Harry - are you the right lawyer to look at this? 
 Thanks Bill - appreciate your help!    Bill D Hare 04/16/2001 05:51 PM 
 Doc -  I'll be in town through Sunday morning.  Any chance we can get together for dinner Saturday eve.?  Mark 
 Thanks Doc - sounds like fun - see you Saturday! 
 Paul -  Sorry for the delay.  I see no problems with this in the current format. There might be an issue if the description of the product included the word COMEX or any other trademark of the exchange.  I'm not too concerned about the presence of "COMEX" in the long description since presumably that will not appear on Reuters.  Mark T.    Paul Goddard@ENRON 04/18/2001 05:51 AM 
 I'm not sure if this document was one of the ones we sent to you earlier but it may be useful to have  around. 
 That's probably OK - just a little further into the gray.  The main concern is that we not be "marketing" the product with reference to the exchange - in our view using the exchange in the name of the product would be a problem but references to the exchange may be acceptable in the product description - an example of what would not work would be describing the product as a "COMEX lookalike" or something similar.    Paul Goddard@ENRON 04/19/2001 09:08 AM 
 Bill -  Sorry for the delay -- I was out of town and believe it or not Enron doesn't have a local access number to its computer system in Monmouth, IL so I just got your message this morning.  Don't worry about sailing skills.  Among the rest of us we have that pretty well covered.  We may be a bit rusty but I'll bet we can keep the boat moving in the right general direction and not hit anything hard enough to do any serious damage.  We're going to an area that is one of the easiest places in the world to sail around for a few days.  Navigation is easy (you can always see where you're going), the waters are protected (no big waves) and the wind consistent and not too strong (so the boat will move but not be hard to handle).  The skills you mentioned (sitting, drinking & socializing) are in fact the critical skills for a trip like this.  We sure don't want anyone on board who is going to fall down on the job in any of those areas!  If you want a sneak preview, try The Moorings website -- www.moorings.com. Under "Destinations" we're going to the British Virgin Islands.  Under "Charter Fleet" we'll be on a Moorings 463.  Since you have your tickets, please send me your flight arrival information. I need to pass that along to The Moorings so they will pick you up at the airport.  About the only other items left to deal with are ordering our food and drinks.  Amanda has abdicated any responsibility there so Linda & I will take care of most of that.  Any particular beverage requests?  Beer, wine, liquor, sodas, juices, mixers?  And finally, just a bit if extra info:  1.  Your cell phones will not work in the BVI.  We will have a local cell phone on the boat but won't know the number until we get there.  If you need to leave a contact number with someone, give them the Moorings' number in Tortola (284)494-2332.  They'll try and reach us either by phone or radio if a call comes in.  2.  A lot of places will take credit cards but we'll need a little cash for renting moorings for the night (much easier than anchoring - Amanda can explain), meals out, departure taxes, incidentals and whatever but there aren't going to be lots of ATM's everywhere so you should bring what you think you'll need.  US Dollars are the currency.  3.  You will need your passport but there are no visa requirements.  4.  Use soft-sided luggage (easier to stow  on the boat) and try to carry everything on -- if they lose a checked bag it's hard to get it later.  That's about all I can think of right now.  Feel free to ask any other questions.  I'm starting to get excited now too.  It's hard to believe it's less than 3 weeks away!  Mark     "McGovern, William" <McGovernW@SEC.GOV> 04/20/2001 09:55 AM 
 Please arrange. 
 I don't think I knew we were making a mid-week drop at the airport.  We need to remember that as we plan where we'll be. 
 No, the ETA says that if you have a master agreement in place it governs trades in the relevant commodities.  In fact, we used that language to mollify the people who were afraid we were going to stop sending confirms when they first signed up for EnronOnline.  To the extent we want to eliminate confirms for counterparties with masters, we will need their agreement.  From a technical legal perspective we could probably eliminate the confirms for GTC-governed  transactions without asking the customer first.  Whether or not that is a good idea from a customer relations/marketing/PR view I will leave to others.  Since some customers seem to want this pretty badly, you might consider offering to do away with the paper for customers who sign up for your new data transfer arrangement before making it generally available......    Andy Zipper/ENRON@enronXgate 04/25/2001 08:41 AM 
 Bill,  Thanks for the info.  Just so you know, The Moorings provides airport transfers so there will be somebody with a "Moorings" sign waiting right after you get through customs who will get you into a van or bus to the base.  It's a little harder to get to Tortola from Houston so I leave at 6:10 in the morning but don't get there until a few hours after you guys (on AA5684 which gets there at 5:21).  It turns out I also need everyone's birthday and address.  Mind sending yours along?  Mark 
 Yes, silly me.  But just so there's some hope that Bill makes his flight back, we should plan on being in the general vicinity of Tortola on the day of his flight.  It turns out I need everybody's birthday and address.  I assume you're still at 200 W 86th but don't know your birthday.     "Linda Hayman" <LHAYMAN@skadden.com> 04/25/2001 03:50 PM 
 I'm pretty sure this is going in across the board for US deals.  If you guys want to, I have no objection.  We came up with some language to insert into the first paragraph of the confirm indicating that it is subject to the GTC and incorporating it by reference.  Bob Bowen has the final version of the language (I think it varied slightly between various commodities).  Just as a 'heads up' we are also starting down the road of doing away with confirmations altogether for certain US EnronOnline transactions.  Maybe we should chat about that and I can give you all the details.  It's going to be a lengthy and painful process.    Greg Johnston 04/25/2001 09:51 AM 
 Some interesting articles in this one. 
 I'm not sure if you guys have seen this before or not.  Lousie seems to think that you are preparing the U.S. version of this. 
 Thanks for the credit card number - I'm sure it will come in handy some day. I was actually planning to pay for the Moorings portion of this as a graduation present.  Is that OK? 
 I need your birthday and address to finalize the info for the Moorings. Finals going OK? 
 Ken -  I have a question about the interpretation of this paragraph of the EnronOnline Legal & Privacy Statement.  Maybe we can talk about it when we talk about the clearing issue.  14. In the course of your use of this website, you may provide, or Enron may otherwise obtain, information about you or your business activities. By using this website, you expressly consent to Enron (1) using this information to assess the function and performance of this website, to assess the needs of its customers, to market Enron's products and services and for the other purposes set out in this paragraph 14, and (2) transferring this data to Enron subsidiaries throughout the world for the purposes specified in (1) above. Any information which you provide or which Enron otherwise obtains will be used solely by Enron and will not be sold or made available to third parties, with the exception of the third parties providing data processing or similar services to Enron, or in connection with Enron's provision or marketing of products and services to you. 
 Thanks for the info.  And I sure hear your --  especially re: crim pro!  On the evidence front, I did the same thing you did -- took it for bar purposes -- but I never cease to be amazed at how often it comes up in my non-litigator's practice.  So don't despair, it may yet be helpful.\  I'm really looking forward to sailing too.  Just two weeks!  Mark 
 Attached is a brief outline of the requirements for electronic trading facilities for transactions in exempt commodities.  Exempt commodities are all commodities other than financial commodities (e.g. interest rates, currencies, securities) and agricultural commodities. 
 I'm afraid I already have plans but thanks for the invite. 
 We have reservations with Eric, the golf pro, on Friday afternoon at 3:00. He thinks 4 or 5 holes will takes us 1 1/2 to 2 hours.  We don't have to play just holes 1 through 5 but can pick and choose -- based to some extent on where other people are playing.  Saturday afternoon you have a massage appointment at the club at 2:00 with a manicure/pedicure to follow at 3:00.  My massage is at 2:00.  Amanda decided not to participate since she will need to get ready for the party.  She is going to try and get lunch reservations for us all at Boar's Head for 11:45. 
 Bill doesn't get there until Friday eve. so no golf and I had assumed he would be with Amanda on Saturday.  We may miss out on tea.  Any idea what the hours are?  We won't be done with golf on Friday until 4:30 or 5:00.  You won't be finished with your nails until 4:00 or 4:30 on Saturday (and then there's the law school bbq and Amanda's do).  I don't know the agenda for Sunday's afternoon. 
 Using your numbers: 1.  No.  We won't do that until we think we have to. 2.  Not entirely, they have to meet certain more restrictive tests depending on how they are organized (i.e. how sophisticated are the investors).  A fund group like Fidelity that allows my Mom to invest has to have $1,000,000,000 in assets.  A true hedge fund that limits its investors to those meeting certain sophistication requirements only needs $100,000,000 in total assets. 3. Yes 4. Only if we become "regulated."  Currently we still maintain that we are a one-to-many site and are not yet subject to these rules.    David Forster/ENRON@enronXgate 04/27/2001 05:18 PM 
 very clever 
 I had the pre-review meeting on my calendar for the 16th (10:00) and the final meeting for the 30th (1:30).  Has one of them changed?    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 The pro understands there are only three of us 'golfing.'  Since we needed something for Fri. afternoon and you and Amanda seemed interested in the golf I went ahead and made the reservation that way.  The manicure was Amanda's idea.  Never having had one, I just assumed they dried them for you.  Would you rather have a facial?  I didn't ask about the morning.    "Linda Hayman" <LHAYMAN@skadden.com> 04/30/2001 08:54 AM 
 Sorry to hear you're having computer problems.  I haven't gotten a virus yet but I have had 2 hard drives crash and burn on me -- one at home and one at the office -- you definitely loose everything when that happens!  My fairly new work computer (the little one you saw at Christmas) started making strange noises a couple of weeks ago so I called in the tech support guys. They agreed that is sounded odd so they took everything off of my hard drive, replaced it with a new one and then put all of my stuff back in the new one. Took them a day or so but the weird noises are gone so I feel better.  I'm off to San Antonio this week for a couple of days and then leave for sailing on the 11th, returning on the 21st.  The last few days (18 - 21) I'll be staying at a place called Keswick Hall in Virginia.  I may be able to send that number before I leave.  Love,  Mark 
 I thoroughly agree about tea -- if you can reschedule your manicure the timing would be perfect.  And you're right about Sunday afternoon too -- I'm sure by then we'll be ready for a rest.  Do we have plans for Sunday eve.? Do we care?    "Linda Hayman" <LHAYMAN@skadden.com> 04/30/2001 10:04 AM 
 I think we're committed to Keswick - haven't we paid for Sun. night there already?    "Linda Hayman" <LHAYMAN@skadden.com> 04/30/2001 10:49 AM 
 Bill:  I am sending you by FedEx tonight a copy of the most recent edition of the cruising guide to the Virgin Islands.  It's not required reading but I thought you might find it interesting to see a bit about where we will be sailing.  Please be sure to bring it along with you since we will need it if we try and go to any spots we haven't been to before and since it will have the most up to date information on navigation, restaurants, bars, etc. (you will see little hand-drawn charts of the most popular anchorages - these are surprisingly useful).  There's a lot of information in there.  If you want to focus on just a few, the places we are (in my humble and easily overridden opinion) most likely to visit are:  Road Town - that's where we will pick up the boat so we're pretty certain to be there The Bight on Norman Island - deserted island but a floating bar/restaurant, good snorkeling nearby Jost Van Dyke - we have always liked Sydney's Peace & Love in Little Harbor and Foxy's in Great Harbor Sandy Cay - the classic deserted island, very small - probably just a lunch or quick swim stop Cane Garden Bay - a little tricky  getting in but well worth it - the quintessential Caribbean beach (swath of white sand, palm trees, steel bands, etc.) Trellis Bay - closest anchorage to the airport and where there used to be a restaurant called The Last Resort Cooper Island - nice quiet resort on the island with a good outdoor dining option The Baths - wouldn't be a trip to the BVI without a stop here Bitter End Yacht Club - probably about as far as we'd want to go  There are some great beaches and secluded anchorages over on St. John but it is in the US Virgins which means clearing the boat out of immigration and customs in the BVI, then clearing into the US at Cruz Bay on St. John and then back into the BVI when we go back over there.  Kind of a lot of trouble, particularly since the anchorage in Cruz Bay is so crowded it's impossible to find a good place to leave the boat while we go to clear in.  We've done it before but my view is that with limited time it just isn't worth it.  Of course, we started this with the assumption that my view isn't necessarily controlling here and I know that Linda particularly likes the restaurant at Caneel Bay (fancy resort) on St. John.  So stay tuned.  We will need to be sure we are anchored somewhere near Tortola (which probably just means not at the Bitter End or on St. John) the night before your flight so we can make sure you get to the airport.  One alternative is to stay at Trellis Bay - or right across at Marina Cay - that night and just dinghy you over to the dock - it's a 5 min. walk to the airport.  Or we can drop you anywhere else there's a phone since there are taxis that can be called and the island just isn't that big - I don't think it could take more than an hour by car to get from any one spot on the island to any other!  I put the Moorings luggage tags in with the cruising guide.  They aren't that important unless you check bags.  Please be sure to use them if you check anything since that will make it much more likely that they will catch up with us some day.  I'm not sure, but it may also make it just a tad easier to get through BVI customs when they see those familiar tags.  Here are some BVI links if you have time to do a little surfing: http://people.we.mediaone.net/gkunkel/bviphoto.htm http://www.b-v-i.com/  Call or e-mail with any questions.  Mark (713)853-7459 (work) 
 Unfortunately I already have plans.  But thanks for the invite!    Eddy Daniels@ENRON 05/01/2001 02:00 PM 
 Since we will all be swamped trying to get out of here on time tomorrow, I think we should defer the group meeting.  I will be out of town on the 16th, so please check your calendars to see if 10:00 on the 9th will work as a substitute. 
 Swiss Atel Starts Electricity Derivative Trading Co  07/08/1999 Dow Jones International News (Copyright (c) 1999, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.)  ZURICH (Dow Jones)--Aare-Tessin AG (Z.AAR), the Swiss power company known as Atel, said Thursday that it has set up a company for derivatives trading.  Atel said it's launching the new company, derivAtel, amid the deregulation of Europe's electricity markets.  "In this manner the market position of Atel will be strengthened," Atel said in a press release.  The company will offer derivatives to hedge volatile electricity prices.  Atel said it received permission for derivative trading from the Federal Banking Commission on July 1.  (END) Dow Jones Newswires 08-07-99  1322GMT 
 I'll be there!    Tana Jones 05/01/2001 05:16 PM 
 An extra $200 is just a drop in this bucket.   St. Regis sounds good to me.    "Linda Hayman" <LHAYMAN@skadden.com> 05/02/2001 03:04 PM 
 You always make me laugh.  Why don't you just pay for you.  You've been footing the bill for Amanda & her friends all these years; it's your turn to take a break!  By the way, I don't remember pointing out that she is spoiled - thinking it often enough, but not pointing it out.  Of course we both know how my tongue loosens and my memory locks up in direct proportion to the volume of alcohol consumed.....    "Linda Hayman" <LHAYMAN@skadden.com> 05/03/2001 05:51 PM 
 The recent amendments to the Commodity Exchange Act essentially codified the prior regulations on this point.  If this technique was effective in 1998 it should still be effective today.    Guenther Klar 05/03/2001 03:32 PM 
 Taffy did a great job setting all of this up so the visiting attorneys had places to work and use the phone and their computers.  I don't know that it is part of her job description -- she just saw the need and filled it. 
 I got this from Stewart today...... 
 FYI 
 You may already have this but I thought I'd send it along.  www.tech.prsa.org/recruit.html 
 From marshallconsultants.com  SENIOR MEDIA RELATIONS PROFESSIONALS with the savvy to deal with varied and= =20 sensitive issues needed for the leading organization in one of North Americ= a=01, s top spectator sports.? Work will require heavy travel to sporting events= =20 across the country =01) in some cases as many as 30 weekends per year away = from=20 home base.? Salaries are open, starting at about $80K but potentially going= =20 higher than that. (Contact Justin Meyer) ? Email Justin Meyer 
 As you already know, it's that time again.  Since I am leaving on vacation Friday morning, please use the system to input your suggested reviewers no later than noon tomorrow (Thursday) so that I can approve them and get the process started before I leave.  Sorry for the inconvenience.  Mark 
 Can you please see if you can get me out of this?  I have to talk to Ken Raisler with Brent & Julia at 2 and with tomorrow being my last day before vacation it will no doubt be too hectic to do an interview. 
 She's right - there are a couple of high class resorts that require long pants and a collared shirt but we can easily avoid those.  The first few years we went sailing down there I always took long pants and even a sport coat "just in case."  The sport coat NEVER got used.  I usually wear a pair of khakis on the plane since they are sometimes cold and have used them a couple of times down there over the years but for the most part it's a tres casual part of the world. 
 p.s.  Did you get the cruising guide I sent? 
 Approved. 
 Glad you got the  package.  I view chess as one of the incontrovertible pieces of evidence that the Peter Principle is in operation in my life.  I know how all the pieces move but I can't see more than one move ahead -- proving that I am basically an idiot and have advanced well beyond where I long ago should have maxed out professionally.  So if you want someone to use to provide nearly unlimited examples of how to make mistakes in playing (while nevertheless following the rules), I'm your man.      "McGovern, William" <McGovernW@SEC.GOV> 05/09/2001 11:25 AM 
 Oops - I didn't notice that your first message this morning went to Linda & Amanda also.  I guess we'd better bring a pair of long pants. 
 Here is a first draft of an amendment agreement.  Please feel free to rip it to shreds. 
 Peter:  My only concerns would be:  (1) To the extent of any overlap in customers (which seems unlikely but it's happened here), we would want all of the transactions to be in the same entity for netting and setoff purposes. (2)  It's been a while since we've done any due diligence focused on retail financial transactions in Canada.  We are pretty restricted in that area in the US.  As I remember it, the new law and subsequent regulations we unearthed a couple of years ago may impose similar restrictions in Canada. (3)  If traders in the US might close one of these transactions with a Canadian counterparty or traders in Canada transacted with a US counterparty, they would not be covered by the services agreement in place between Enron Canada and ENA.  Let me know if I can be of any help.  Mark T.    Peter Keohane 05/09/2001 03:28 PM 
 All Delaware corporations are registered with the Secretary of State's office in Wilmington, Delaware.  Since that office is notoriously slow, if your counterparty is trying to get information on ECTRIC they might have better luck going through CT Corporation Systems, a company that is in the business of dealing with corporate information and issues which has access to the Delaware state records.  They have offices all over the place, including Wilmington.  Hope this is helpful.  Mark    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. - Europe 
 I don't have copies of any of the FASB pronouncements.  I suggest you find one of the accountants who handles these things.  I don't know who that is so i would start wit Paige Grumulaitis -- she seems to know most accounting answers and when she doesn't, she knows who to ask.    Chris Gaffney 05/10/2001 01:36 PM 
 Ken Raisler will be here on Monday, May 21 to conduct several training sessions for the weather and steel trading desks.  If you can work it into your schedule, please try and attend one or more of these sessions.  Brent will have further scheduling details.  Mark 
 Sorry I haven't been able to respond.  I have been swamped trying to get away for a vacation and in fact am leaving in the morning.  I will have to get back to you when I return which will not be until the 22nd. 
 I was just cleaning out my e-mails (well, a few of them anyway) and ran across this.  I hope you already knew about it but if not maybe it's not too late to have input. 
 I got another one. 
 Thanks for forwarding all the e-mails while I was out last week.  I found this one in my in-box when I got back this morning.  Is it yours? 
 My apologies for the late notice in requesting your performance review for David Portz.  He was incorrectly listed in the system as an employee under my supervision and I didn't see his suggested reviewer list until today. 
 And another..... 
 Please check your records and make sure your e-mails intended for me are addressed to the correct Mark Taylor.  There are two of us here at Enron and the other Mark is getting some of your EOL approvals e-mails. 
 Approved.    Enron IT Purchasing@ENRON Sent by: Leticia Flores@ENRON 05/11/2001 10:27 AM 
 Here is the first draft from the EnronOnline folks. 
 Stacey,  Mark H. and I met this afternoon to discuss the December conference agenda and have the following suggestions:  1.  Review of California Energy Litigation -- (Mark H. would be good for this one.  If he can't make it, we can probably find a substitute.) 2.  German Energy Markets 3.  Convergence of Commodity Trading Forms  There were also a couple of topics included on the Houston agenda this year that might also be appropriate:  Christophe's panel discussion on new markets E-commerce panel  I have also copied several of the lawyers in our London office who are active in the derivatives and commodity trading world to solicit their suggestions for appropriate topics to be added to the agenda. 
 Yes, I think I did approve this by a reply e-mail earlier this week.    Holly Keiser@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 05/25/2001 08:48 AM 
 The single greatest improvement you could possibly make would be to allow the making of reservations for reward travel. 
 Thanks for this memo -- definitely comforting for the vast majority of our swap business.  I think the additional interesting question is whether or not we lose the benefit of the special treatment under the bankruptcy code when we enter into cross-product (i.e. physical and financial products) netting and joint credit support arrangements.  If we net all of our trading exposures under multiple agreements (swap agreements and gas, power, steel, coal, etc. trading agreements) to determine how much credit support should be posted and then only ask for a single LC that supports the whole shebang, do we lose this protection since arguably we are no longer just "under a swap agreement?"  Would you like me to ask Emory to expand?    Julia Murray 05/24/2001 06:28 PM 
 approved 
 My mistake in raising the issue - Peter Sceats is with the broker in London who arranged the trade. 
 Is this one OK as well? 
 Julia sent me a copy of your memo following up on one of the questions asked at the session earlier this week.  I would like to ask a follow-up question:  Do we lose the benefit of the special treatment under the bankruptcy code when we enter into cross-product (i.e. physical and financial products) netting and joint credit support arrangements.  If we agree with a counterparty to net all of our trading exposures under multiple agreements (swap agreements and gas, power, steel, coal, etc. trading agreements) to determine how much credit support should be posted and then only ask for a single LC that supports the whole shebang, do we lose this protection since arguably we are no longer just "under a swap agreement?" 
 8778552081@pagenetmessage.net 
 Tony -  Here is the resume of the candidate we discussed last week.  Mark 
 As per my call. 
 I've got three undeveloped rolls of film in my car that I keep meaning to get developed but always forget until I'm not in the car.  I'll get around to it one of these days.  My address is:  1322 Rutland St. Houston, TX  77008  (713)863-7190 
 Here is a draft of the US version.  Please let me know if it works for you. 
 Homer -  The problem with the language you suggest is that it will be triggered by any term that is longer than a month.  As far as I know, we have never had a product that went from mid-month to mid-month.  Is that a real issue for us here?  We have language in a few products already that takes care of the second issue (deals shorter than one month):  Each calendar month during the term of the Transaction will be a Determination Period; provided that, if the term of the Transaction is less than one calendar month, the Determination Period shall be the term of the Transaction.  In some cases (e.g. power swaps), when the deal is for less than a month the payment dates are modified to fall at the beginning of the following month (rather than 5 days after the floating price is determinable).  That is a commercial call.  Just let me know how you want to handle that issue.  If mid-month to mid-month deals are likely, let me know and I will come up with alternative language.  Mark    Homer Lin 06/01/2001 10:15 AM 
 Peter -  We have thought about this from time to time.  Our primary concern has not been the strict adherence to the contractual notice requirements (because of the lack of substantive concern you mention) but the fear of possible waiver of rights that might take place if the requests are not consistent or handled carefully.  These are all issues that apply to trading margin calls generally.  Most recently Carol St. Clair, who Mark H. has asked to be the point lawyer for Credit and credit issues, has been working on this problem.  Mark    Peter Keohane 05/31/2001 11:54 AM 
 Here are my pitiful attempts at photos from the trip: 
 There would have been more of these if I could just learn to keep my fingers out from in front of the lens...... 
 Can you help them with this? 
 I haven't heard anything from anyone but you and the EnronOnline team.  I suggest we go forward as you suggested in your June 4 e-mail and deal with the mid-month to mid-month issue if it ever actually arises.     Homer Lin 06/07/2001 07:11 AM 
 Let's discuss this. 
 As per our call. 
 Don't worry about the delay - if you want to wait til later next week that's fine by me. 
 In this case, I would view you as Andrea's supervisor and I would be her representative at the PRC which would be here in Houston.    Brent Hendry@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 05/29/2000 06:27 AM 
 Looks good to me. 
 It turns out that quite a bit has been happening without us so we may be inundated with information over the next day or so.  Let me know if the message below does not come through in color since it will be difficult to decipher.  Louise is quite anxious to finalize the ETA, PA and Read-only PA and I explained that we were still waiting for the proposed changes from London. Knowing Louise I have a feeling we may see that stuff soon.  Since we seem to be a bit behind schedule, Louise agreed that an all-hands legal meeting next week might be premature and she is contacting the London team to discuss scheduling.  I'll let you know as soon as I have anything more to report on the calendar.  Mark 
 From the NYT article:  The business that Thomas D. Gros is building for Enron remains untested. But his entire career seems to have been aimed at the opportunity.  He studied aerospace engineering, worked as an analyst for the Central Intelligence Agency, earned an M.B.A. and set up a natural-gas trading operation -- competing against Enron -- for British Petroleum. He also did a stint on Wall Street with Chemical Bank. 
 Paul:  Since the recent pet coke swap (deal 8025) is really a US deal, we should probably do the documentation here.  Would you please send me a copy of the confirm for the coal swap you worked on for us to use as a starting point?  Thanks,  Mark 
 Here are the most recent versions from Clifford Chance.  They were sent to Sullivan & Cromwell yesterday to be "Americanized" and are still drafts with a number of open issues yet to be resolved - so we can easily make changes as necessary to solve issues you may raise.  The PA = Password Application - to be signed by counterparty & sent to us before a password is issued. The ETA = Electronic Trading Agreement - to be agreed to online before trading is permitted. The ROETA = Read Only ETA - to be agreed to online by persons wishing access to the site to view but not trade (probably misnamed - should be ROPA or something that doesn't sound like they'll be able to trade). 
 This is the e-mail I mentioned yesterday.  It is not exactly what had been described to me and I do have concerns with it.  My preference would be to limit the clause to the providing of letters of credit whenever we ask (as opposed to any security in form and from a provider satisfactory to us).  I understand that London legal was doing some tinkering with the language but I haven't seen anything from them yet.  Let's discuss. 
 I will be handling the derivatives side of the ETOL transaction this time so future communications should probably come to me directly.  I will be reviewing the ISDA draft this weekend and it would be helpful if I could get some sort of description of the overall transaction.  Is there a term sheet or executive summary of the deal?  If so, my fax # is (713)646-3490. 
 Thanks for your note.  Yes, I am available for the call and have asked Sullivan & Cromwell to have someone available as well.  As soon as the time is firm, I will be able to let you know who at S&C to call. 
 Unfortunately, I already have a meeting from 11 to 1 Houston time.  I'm free from 9:45 to 11 and then after 1. 
 Marc:  I want to go but T doesn't (the photo of the cast not up to T's high standards) so I'm afraid we won't be joining you.  Thanks for the invite - maybe dinner or drinks after or Sat.? 
 That sounds like fun - what did you do last month? 
 Any preference? 
 This looks a lot better to me.  What do you guys think? 
 Sorry - I got the address wrong yesterday. 
 Are you the right person to handle these details?  If not, please try to find out who it is and then let me know so I can communicate with Martin. 
 I've gone back through the ISDA Credit Support Annex and the "green book" and my conclusion is that unless we modify the standard form, we have to give an Independent Amount back to the counterparty when we go out of the money far enough (note that the definition of Exposure results in a negative number when we are out of the money reducing the Credit Support Amount below the Independent Amount).  The theory there is that as the market moves against us, we are cushioned by our "out-of-the-moneyness" and will be able to ask for support as the market moves back in our favor before we are actually in the money.  I'm afraid that Credit has been operating under the assumption that we get to keep Independent Amounts until the Transaction terminates.  We need to set up a system with Credit so we all know what is meant on the credit work sheets -- i.e. whether a cushion or up-front amount should be given back to the counterparty as we go out of the money or not (maybe the paralegals can suggest something?).  I suggest we add the following language (taken from the green book) when we are using Paragraph 13 and Credit tells us they don't want to have to give the cushion amount back, no matter how far we go out of the money:  "Credit Support Amount" will mean the higher of (i) the amount calculated as provided in the definition of that term in Paragraph 3(b) and (ii) the sum of the Pledgor's Independent Amounts.  I will modify the Force Energy document to include it and, unless you would like to suggest alternative language, ask Tana to add it to our list of alternatives for Paragraph 13. 
 FYI 
 Dan,  Thanks for the drafts.  I believe our only comment comes from our confirmation desk that the Commodity Reference Price in Enron3.doc should be "OIL - WTI - NYMEX".  Give me a call (713-853-7459) if you have any questions.  Mark    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 I don't have a problem with Brent being our primary contact there. 
 One day a cat dies of natural causes and goes to Heaven. There he meets the Lord himself. The Lord says to the cat, "You lived a good life and if there is anyway I can make your stay in Heaven more comfortable, please let Me know."  The cat thinks for a moment and says, "Lord, all my life I have lived with a poor family and had to sleep on a hard wooden floor."  The Lord stops the cat and says, "Say no more," and a wonderful fluffy pillow  appears.  A few days later six mice are killed in a tragic farming accident and go to Heaven. Again the Lord is there to greet them with the same offer.  The mice answer, "All of our lives we have been chased. We have had to run from cats, dogs, and even women with brooms.  Running, running, running;  we're tired of running. Do you think we could have roller skates so we don't have to run anymore?"  The Lord says, "Say no more," and fits each mouse with beautiful new roller skates.  About a week later the Lord stops by to see the cat and finds him in a deep sleep on the pillow. The Lord gently wakes the cat and asks him how was he doing. The cat replies better than I could have ever expected. And those Meals on Wheels you've been sending by are theeeeeeee best!!!" 
  > > Day 752 > > My captors continue to taunt me with bizarre little dangling > objects. They dine on fresh meat, while I am forced to eat dry cereal. > The only  thing that keeps me going is the hope of escape, and the mild > satisfaction I get from ruining the occasional piece of furniture. > Tomorrow, I may eat another  houseplant. > > > Day 761 > > Today my attempt to kill my captors by weaving around their > feet while they were walking almost succeeded. Must try this at > the top of the stairs. > In an attempt to disgust and repulse these vile oppressors, I > once again induced myself to vomit on their favorite chair. Must > try this on their bed. > > > Day  762 > > Slept all day so that I could annoy my captors with > sleep-depriving, incessant pleas for food at ungodly hours of > the night. > > > Day 765 > > Decapitated a mouse and brought them the headless body in an > attempt to make them aware of what I am capable of and to try to > strike fear into their hearts. They only cooed and condescended about > what a good little cat I was...Hmmm. Not working according to plan. > > > Day 768 > > I am finally aware of how sadistic they are. For no good > reason I was chosen for the water torture. This time, however, > it included a burning, foamy chemical called "shampoo." What sick > minds could invent such a liquid. > My only consolation is the piece of thumb still stuck between > my teeth. > > > Day 771 > > There was some sort of gathering of their accomplices. I was placed > in solitary throughout the event. However, I could hear the noise and > smell the foul odor of the glass tubes they call "beer." More > importantly, > I overheard that my confinement was due to my power of "allergies." Must > learn what this is and how to use it to my advantage. > > > Day 774 > > I am convinced the other captives are flunkies and maybe > snitches. The dog is routinely released and seems more than happy > to return. He is obviously a half-wit. > > The bird on the other hand has got to be an informant. He has > mastered their frightful tongue (something akin to mole speak and > speaks with them regularly. I am certain he reports my every move. > Due to his current placement in the metal room, his safety is assured. > But I can wait, it is only a matter of time.... 
 Here is the draft form for the US derivatives GTC. 
 I think this is the most recent version of the ETA.  Obviously, this is the UK version and Sullivan & Cromwell are turning it into a US document.  The US version will be governed by NY law and contain an arbitration clause.  We're also trying to figure out how much to say about the confirmation process since it may vary from product to product and will almost certainly be different from the UK version.  Speaking of which, I was surprised to find that they have the telephone conversation (and in this case the web site records) control over a confirmation which has been signed by both parties. What's the practice in your part of the world?  One alternative is to insert the language (or something like it) that we use in financial trading which says that we will send a written confirm, gives the counterparty a short time (2 or 3 days) to respond and indicates that silence will be deemed acceptance.  Would that work for your deals?  Anyway, I'm in NY today and tomorrow, back in the office on Wed.  Louise is insistent that the GTC's be available to be uploaded this weekend.  I'll be calling in periodically tomorrow and will try to get you since I'm sure you will have issues to discuss - and now is the right time to get changes made to the ETA if necessary. 
 Martin:  I am told by my assistant (Jan Dobernecker) that the Human Resources Department here has people who will assist you on the practicalities.  Jan has asked them to get in touch with you directly.  If you have not heard from someone by the middle of next week, please let me or Jan know so we can either prod them into action or get you a contact name and number to call.  We are all very much looking forward to your arrival and I'd be happy to discuss any questions (and I'm sure there must be several) that come to mind - just give me a call.  Mark 
 Taffy - the airline called to say I have to leave a day earlier on my vacation (isn't that too bad).  Could you please add Friday the 27th of August to my vacation on the calendar. 
 Have you heard anything about this? I can't get into this on the internet from here but will certainly check into it when I get back. 
 I particularly like the grand prize winner.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 sorry - sent that last one by mistake 
 Here are the most recent versions of the US documents. 
 Here is a revised version of my draft GTC's for derivatives transactions (I think marked from the draft I left with you).  Any comments or suggestions? I've promised these to Louise by Friday.  Thanks,  Mark 
 Thanks Harry - yours are the first North American GTC's in! 
 Louise Kitchen will be in my office (EB3889) this afternoon at around 3:00 to answer any last minute questions you may have in preparing your online GTC's.  Mark 
 Jan:  I meant to cc you on this but forgot - here is my response to Martin. 
 Are we inviting London? 
 My apologies for any confusion resulting from my e-mail yesterday.  While the GTC's must be finished this morning, Legal's revisions to the short and long descriptions are not due until Friday August 6.  I think it would make sense for us all to get together to discuss how these work early next week.  I will ask Taffy to set something up.  Mark 
 Here are my revised versions - I look forward to your comments. 
 Here are the contract forms which I delivered in hardcopy this afternoon. 
 Louise,  I hope you had a pleasant weekend in N.O.  If you have a few minutes to spare, I'd like to get together with you this afternoon  to talk about the weather deal documentation.  As I tried to draft up the standard GTC's I realized there are more variables in these transactions than are currently listed in the short & long description lists.  Mark 
 I will be there. 
 FYI 
 Can you handle this? 
 'Twas The Night Before Christmas as written by a lawyer  'Twas the nocturnal segment of the diurnal period preceding the annual Yuletide celebration, and throughout our place of residence, kinetic activity was not in evidence among the possessors of this potential (party of the first part), including that species of domestic rodent known as Mus musculus.  Hosiery was meticulously suspended from the forward edge of the wood burning caloric apparatus, pursuant to our anticipatory pleasure regarding an imminent visitation from an eccentric philanthropist among whose folkloric appellations is the honorific title of St. Nicholas (party of the second part).  The prepubescent siblings, comfortably ensconced in their respective accommodations of repose, were experiencing subconscious visual hallucinations of variegated fruit confections moving rhythmically through their cerebrums.  My conjugal partner and I, attired in our nocturnal head coverings, were about to take slumberous advantage of the hibernal darkness when upon the avenaceous exterior portion of the grounds there ascended such a cacophony of dissonance that I felt compelled to arise with alacrity from my place of repose for the purpose of ascertaining the precise source thereof.  Hastening to the casement, I forthwith opened the barriers sealing this fenestration, noting thereupon that the lunar brilliance without, reflected as it was on the surface of a recent crystalline precipitation,  might be said to rival that of the solar meridian itself - thus permitting my incredulous optical sensory organs to behold a miniature airborne runnered conveyance drawn by eight diminutive specimens of the genus Rangifer, piloted by a minuscule, aged chauffeur so ebullient and nimble  that it became instantly apparent to me that he was indeed our  anticipated caller. With his ungulate motive power traveling at what may possibly have been more vertiginous velocity than patriotic alar predators,  he vociferated loudly, expelled breath musically through contracted  labia,  and addressed each of the octet by his or her respective cognomen -  "Now Dasher, now Dancer..." et al. - guiding them to the uppermost exterior level of our abode, through which structure I could readily distinguish the concatenations of each of the 32 cloven pedal extremities.  As I retracted my cranium from its erstwhile location, and was performing a 180-degree pivot, our distinguished visitant achieved - with utmost celerity and via a downward leap - entry by way of the smoke passage. He was clad entirely in animal pelts soiled by the ebony residue from oxidations of carboniferous fuels which had accumulated on the walls thereof. His resemblance to a street vendor I attributed largely to the plethora of assorted playthings which he bore dorsally in a commodious cloth receptacle.  His orbs were scintillant with reflected luminosity, while his submaxillary dermal indentations gave every evidence of engaging amiability. The capillaries of his malar regions and nasal appurtenance were engorged with blood which suffused the subcutaneous layers, the former approximating the coloration of Albion's floral emblem,  the latter that of the Prunus avium, or sweet cherry. His amusing sub- and supralabials resembled nothing so much as a common loop knot, and their ambient hirsute facial adornment appeared like small, tabular and columnar crystals of frozen water.  Clenched firmly between his incisors was a smoking piece whose grey fumes, forming a tenuous ellipse about his occiput, were suggestive of a decorative seasonal circlet of holly.  His visage was wider than it was high, and when he waxed audibly mirthful, his corpulent abdominal region undulated in the manner of impectinated fruit syrup in a hemispherical container. He was, in short, neither more nor less than an obese, jocund, multigenarian gnome, the optical perception of whom rendered me visibly frolicsome despite every effort to refrain from so being. By rapidly lowering and then elevating one eyelid and rotating his head slightly to one side, he indicated that trepidation on my part was groundless. Without utterance and with dispatch, he commenced filling the aforementioned appended hosiery with various of the aforementioned articles of merchandise extracted from his aforementioned previously dorsally transported cloth receptacle. Upon completion of this task, he executed an abrupt about-face, placed a single manual digit in lateral juxtaposition to his olfactory organ, inclined his cranium forward in a gesture of leave-taking, and forthwith effected his egress by renegotiating (in reverse) the smoke passage. He then propelled himself in a short vector onto his conveyance, directed a musical expulsion of air through his contracted oral sphincter to the antlered quadrupeds of burden, and proceeded to soar aloft in a movement  hitherto observable chiefly among the seed-bearing portions of a common weed. But I overheard his parting exclamation, audible immediately prior to his vehiculation beyond the limits of visibility:  "Ecstatic Yuletide to the planetary constituency, and to that self same assemblage, my sincerest wishes for a salubriously beneficial and gratifyingly pleasurable period between sunset and dawn." 
 FYI 
 Here is the spreadsheet which lists all of the existing counterparties proposed to receive access to the online trading system.  Louise has asked us to identify for each counterparty those products from which, for legal reasons, such counterparty should be restricted.  As you might expect, our goal is to have as few restrictions as possible.  Since it is so wide, you may find that it is easier to modify the spreadsheet (by hiding various columns) in order to print it out.  If you need any help in this regard, please let me know. 
 I understand that you may be in the Houston office at some point this week. If so, I would like to get a few minutes on your schedule to talk about South American Legal staffing issues.  Could you give me a call (713-853-7459) or drop me an e-mail with what might work for you?  If you are not actually in the office but have some time to talk on the phone, that would work too.  Thanks,  Mark 
 As yourequested. 
 Digital Frontiers Calif. Says Digitally Signed Broker Contracts Are Valid By ROSS SNEL  08/03/1999 American Banker Page 12 Copyright (c) 1999 American Banker, Inc. All Rights Reserved.  A new California law opens the door for brokerages to conduct most, if not all, of their business in cyberspace.  The legislation, which applies only to broker-dealers, validates brokerage contracts that are digitally signed.  Though Internet brokerages routinely accept trading orders on-line, most require customers to enroll and order account transfers by sending in paper documents. The law makes such paperwork no longer necessary.  Digital signatures-a derivative of data encryption technology that binds customer identities to documents-are seen as a way to "legalize" on-line exchanges of information.  The California legislation, which California Governor Gray Davis signed into law last week, "gives people some certainty that these contracts are enforceable," said Thomas J. Smedinghoff, a partner in the Chicago law firm McBride Baker & Coles and a leading authority on digital signatures.  He added, however, that the law's specific definition of a digital signature could limit the flexibility of its application as the technology evolves.  Certainty about the validity of digital credentials is especially important to securities brokers, because securities transactions are typically much bigger than merchandise transactions on the Internet, said Christopher Musto, a senior analyst at Gomez Advisors Inc. in Concord, Mass.  E-Trade Group Inc., the Menlo Park, Calif. on-line broker, pushed for the California bill, bringing the issue to the attention of state Sen. John Vasconcellos, a Democrat from San Jose. Sen. Vasconcellos introduced the proposal in February, and it passed the Senate July 15.  San Francisco-based Charles Schwab Corp., the leading Internet brokerage, also offered input on the law's definition of a digital signature, according to Sen. Vasconcellos' chief of staff, Rand Martin.  Schwab has focused its legislative efforts more on the federal level, however, a spokesman for the company said. "This action is a step in the right direction," the spokesman said. "But the real objective would be to get national legislation that creates uniformity regarding the use of digital signatures."  E-Trade said in a news release that the new law would apply to its transactions with customers in all 50 states, but the Schwab spokesman said its applicability beyond California is "murky."  E-Trade did not respond to calls seeking elaboration on how it sees the law applying across the country.  Mr. Smedinghoff, chairman of the American Bar Association's electronic commerce division, said the only way the law would have broader applicability is if a broker stipulated that a contract was governed by the laws of California.  Legislation on digital signatures varies from state to state. For example, Connecticut law covers only medical records at hospitals, while Illinois makes electronic signatures applicable to all communications.  In 1995 California became one of the early adopters of digital signature legislation, but that legislation was limited to communication with government agencies.  Utah is often cited as the country's digital signature pacesetter, with a comprehensive law that preceded California's in 1995 and resulted in the pioneering designation of Digital Signature Trust Co., a Zions Bancorp. subsidiary, as a licensed certificate authority.  To bring consistency at the federal level, Sen. Spencer Abraham (R-Mich.) this year introduced two bills addressing the issue. The Millennium Digital Commerce Act sets out to clarify the legal status of electronic signatures in general, while the Electronic Securities Transaction Act focuses on the securities industry.   http://www.americanbanker.com Contact: http://www.americanbanker.com 
 Alan Aronowitz's group is handling actual bandwidth.  If it ever becomes financially traded, we will treat it like any other derivative. 
 I'm looking forward to seeing you Friday night.  I'll bring along some sailing info. but thought I'd let you know now what we've got in mind.  Dan & Jamie are lined up so if you guys are still interested there would be 6 of us.  We have gotten a quote for a relatively new 46' sailboat in the British Virgin Islands for the week of Thanksgiving.  We'd fly down there on Saturday the 20th, pick up the boat the next day and return either Saturday the 27th or Sunday the 28th.  [The return date is still under discussion - so far we have (i) Jamie who wants to fly Saturday so we have a day at home before going back to work, (ii) Mark who likes to spend as much time on the boat as possible so wants to come back Sun., and (iii) Ted who when he heard the question said "Let's start back Saturday and spend the night in South Beach!"]  The charter company is the Moorings (their website is www.moorings.com) and the specific boat we reserved is called a Moorings 463.  You can see a floor plan and photos on the web but the boat has three separate double cabins each of which has its own bathroom.  Each day's schedule is usually pretty flexible - get up whenever (I seem to remember Jamie getting up pretty early & making coffee), have breakfast on the boat, decide where to go and sail off to the next island we've picked out, maybe stopping at one or two interesting looking spots on the way, maybe not.  Maybe stopping for lunch somewhere, maybe making sandwiches while we sail and maybe waiting for lunch til we stop for the day.  Most days we only actually sail for a few hours and are anchored in a little bay by 2 or 3:00 and spend the afternoon swimming (Ted's favorite), snorkeling (the masks, etc. come with the boat), hiking on shore, exploring the coastline in the dinghy or sitting around on the boat or beach reading, chatting, napping or whatever (my favorite).  There's a CD player and we listen to a variety of music - luckily Ted has so far been able to restrain his heavy metal proclivity for the duration of the trip.  If you scuba dive there are dive companies that will come meet the boat and take you on a dive trip - there is at least one really good wreck dive (in 70 - 90') in the BVI.  If you want to learn to dive, you can take the classroom and swimming pool instruction in NYC and do your certification dives in the BVI (Dan & Jamie might be diving, Ted & I probably won't).  Sunsets are often spectacular and signal cocktail hour for me.  There's usually at least one restaurant on shore in most of these anchorages where we go for dinner but the charter company stocks the boat with food (there's a fridge, stove & bbq grill on the boat) and as you might guess Dan and Jamie are pretty good cooks so we can always eat on board if we don' feel like going ashore.  While no one is excluded from any activities and everyone can participate in planning the itinerary, we don't always do everything together, either.  Everybody usually pitches in and shares what work (cooking, cleaning up, sailing stuff) there is, although if only from our keen sense of self-preservation you and Ted probably wouldn't be expected to cook.  In the past Jamie has been the only smoker and he has invariably confined his habit to the downwind portion of the deck.  As for $,  the boat, provisioning (food on board for breakfast lunch and a few dinners), taxes, airport transfers and a hotel room for the first night we get there all comes to about $760 per person.  Extras include drinks (only fair since you and Jamie won't be imbibing as much as the rest of us) and any dinners ashore and of course the dreaded airfare.  I've tentatively got flights for you (through the boat company) that come to $544 per person, though if we decide to come back on Saturday that might go down.  Ted & I usually try to see if there is some way to use frequent flyer miles but we're not always successful.  It's such a popular week to sail we need to decide pretty soon so we can put a deposit down - the boat is not actually reserved until we do.  I'd better stop & send this - it's turned out to be a good bit longer than I intended but I get carried away sometimes when I daydream about sailing! Check out the website & let me know if you have any questions. 
 Sorry about all these - it looks like people who don't know my address are just guessing and they get you instead.  I'd appreciate it if you could forward them on to me when they come to you - I'll let the sendersknow the correct address as I get them and hopefully that should cut down the number going forward.  Mark 
 Let's add this as an agenda item to discuss when Sara and I are there. 
 We're thinking about flying down to some nice sunny spot and renting ("chartering" is the technical term) a boat for a week.  We've done this quite a few times in previous years: British Virgin Islands, Martinique, St. Lucia, St. Vincent & the Grenadines, Grenada, etc. 
 I'll be there!    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Just to give you an idea of the kinds of things Brent and Andrea are working on. 
 Please do a card for my rolodex.  Thanks 
 Marcus:  When we were in New Orleans I mentioned that I might be planning a holiday in Germany - well, I've finally gotten around to scheduling it.  I'm flying into Munich on the 27th and leaving from Amsterdam September 9.  If you are going to be in the office next Monday or Tuesday (when I'll be in the London office), I'd really appreciate a few minutes of your time to get whatever suggestions you would like to make.  If you will be out next week, maybe we could chat by phone tomorrow or Friday.  Thanks!  Mark 
 I spoke with Bill about this and he agreed it was a good idea. 
 In order to complete the approved list of counterparties fo the new online trading system I need a list of master agreements you have negotiated that do not have all the necessary representations (e.g. trade option exemption) and definition references to permit trading energy commodity derivatives.  Friday noon would be soon enough.  Thanks,  Mark 
 This might be good for you to go to. 
 Looks good to me.  Enjoy! 
 Please print this out for me. 
 Laurel:  Apologies for my delay in responding to you.  Carol St. Clair is helping me with this transaction now.  She will get back to you on the confirms.  Please copy her on future e-mails.  Mark 
 If you can keep your head when all about you are losing theirs, it's just possible you haven't fully grasped the situation. 
 I'm off to London tomorrow (after a stopover day in NYC and back next Wed.) but T will be around all weekend.  Are you guys here or traveling again? 
 I will not be available for the call on Friday. 
 I like to leave for London at least a day earlier than absolutely necessary so I have a day to get adjusted to the time change - otherwise you get off the plane and go straight to the office (with a shower on the way if you're lucky) and I'm exhausted at that point.  I don't ever sleep well on the plane.  This time I'm leaving on Friday afternoon to stop in NY for a party Friday night and then leaving for London from there on Sat. night.  Since the company pays for business class, there's no savings for going over the weekend.  I could get a free companion ticket for T but he's never been able to get off work at the same time I have to go.  The rest of our August is a bit hectic, too.  Next weekend T has a swim meet in San Francisco and I leave that Mon. night to spend the rest of the week in S. America. The following weekend we had tentatively set a trip to Laguna Beach but I think it's been canceled for lack of funds if not just so I can catch my breath.  We leave on our big trip to Europe (Germany, Belgium & the Netherlands) on the 26th and don't get home til 9/12.  I have to pack tonight so I think we'll pass on the film.  I hope we get a chance to get together some time in the next few weeks - maybe a weeknight dinner some time since the weekends look pretty full? 
 It strikes me that it would be appropriate to offer this service without the application fee and deposit to Platinum Elite members and Presidents Club members.  If not, the fact that ANY spaces are being removed from the already inadequate supply will only infuriate me, not make me happy.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Thanks for the update - I can't say I'm too sorry about any delay since I haven't had a spare moment to look at them yet anyway.  This project moves so fast and there's so much to do it's scary! 
 Hey Marc - what time is your soiree tomorrow? 
 Do you remember negotiating any master agreements for ECT that did not contain the necessary elements for trding energy commodity derivatives?  In particular I'm thinking about things like the trade opiton exemption representations and the commodity derivatives definitions provisions. 
 Do you remember negotiating any master agreements for ECT that did not contain the necessary elements for trading energy commodity derivatives?  In particular I'm thinking about things like the trade opiton exemption representations and the commodity derivatives definitions provisions. 
 Hey Yao!  How are you doing these days?  We never see you anymore.  I'm going over to London on Saturday - any chance you'll be in that part of the world?  On a business note, we are getting set up to trade energy commodities and derivatives online and one of the things we have to do is figure out what we can trade with each potential counterparty.  Do you remember negotiating any master agreements for ECT that did not contain the necessary elements for trading energy commodity derivatives?  In particular I'm thinking about things like the trade option exemption representations and the commodity derivatives definitions provisions.  Thanks!  Mark 
 Thanks Marcus - I'll give you a call when I'm in London next week. 
 Unfortunately, you have the wrong e-mail address for me.  My correct address is mtaylo1@ect.enron.com. 
 It's not clear to me which form you want - we have (i) an "Annex A" which we use like a general terms and conditions to attach to a one-off confirm (i.e. where there is no master agreement in place) and is sometimes called the "Omnibus" (because it's a single form for any type of commodity derivative which replaced a multitude of separate forms) or (ii) a "Schedule" which is attached to the ISDA form agreement to make it our version of the ISDA master which can then have a collateral support annex attached.  Just to make it a little more complicated, we also have our own form of master agreement which we use with less sophisticated counterparties and where we need to translate the document into another language (which we don't want to do with the ISDA). Just let me know which one you want & I'll have Tana e-mail it to you.  This stuff is all covered in Tana's short-course on ECT derivatives documentation - maybe you'd like to sit in on it when she comes over? 
 I'm headed to South America next week.  Any particular issues you think I need to be aware of or anything you want me to look into? 
 Cindy - I won't be able to make the 8/17 meeting.  I will be at the 8/25 meeting.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 Here is the North American legal issues list I prepared for Mark.  He actually called me down to ask for it yesterday (my first day back no less). Obviously I've kept it to just the major areas where there might be residual legal risk.  He seemed satisfied enough with the format.  I explained that I had mentioned his request to you and that you were working on a European version which might turn out to be somewhat longer since you have so many jurisdictions to deal with. 
 The Online Trading IT people have sent us a revised version of the long descriptions and a document spelling out the "rules" for how they are put together.  Louise is asking for our final comments by close of business on next Wednesday (August 18th).  Since I will be out of town then, please forward your comments and/or approvals directly to Mark Dilworth.  Questions can be directed to Mark Dilworth, Marcello Romano or Louise Kitchen, all on the online trading team. 
 Please note that my correct e-mail address is mtaylo1@ect.enron.com. 
 I understand that there may be a few additional changes but these are the revisions from our meeting on Monday. 
 Mark H. has asked me to let him know exactly what we will be sending out on 9/13.  Would it be accurate to say it will be no more than a flashy brochure with the recently circulated content together with a blank password application all in a very exciting package of some kind? 
 Joao -  I'm making another business trip to Brazil - this time just to Sao Paolo. I'll be there Tuesday to Thursday of this week.  Any chance you will be nearby?  I tried to arrange a meeting in Rio too but unfortunately our office there is quite small and the only people I need to see will be in Sao Paolo then.  I also still get to London every once in a while.  Let me know when you are there - maybe we can have dinner.  Mark 
 Here are my draftversions of the weather GTC's.  Since Enron North America will be the Enron contracting entity for all of the transactions, I have expanded the documents to allow for European as well as U.S. transactions and to allow for multiple weather station (index) deals or single weather station deals.  The option forms work for either a put or call but that has to be specified on the web site.  I think it would make sense for one of the weather commercial people to take a quick look at the forms to make sure they agree that they work.  I'm hoping to sit down with Mark Dilworth in the morning to make sure the long descriptions are complete - when you look at these forms, it is clear that a number of defined terms have to be covered on the web site: Premium, Effective Date, Termination Date, Reference Weather Station(s), Fallback Reference Weather Station(s), Reference Basis, Reference Degrees (C or F), Strike Amount, Notional Amount and Maximum Payout Limit are the terms I have identified so far.  Please Note - these are NOT ready to be uploaded to the system!  There are blanks for the weather agencies for the European deals - these are not referenced in the earlier UK drafts and I don't know who the appropriate agencies are.  I have not spelled out the data sources for the European transactions either.  Mark 
 Please e-mail these forms to Scott. 
 Mark -  Would you be available to sit down with me Monday morning (say beginning at 10:30) to go over the spreadsheet?  I have quite a few comments on the financial transaction items that I was able to understand and several questions on areas I haven't yet been able to decipher.  I am particularly concerned about the Weather Products generally and the Floating Prices for all financial products (the Index tab).  If you could let me or my assistant know so I can work out my calendar for the day I'd appreciate it (I've blocked out 2 hours but it might not take that long).  Unfortunately I'm leaving town mid-afternoon so I have to get these wrapped up.  I'm at x37459.  Thanks!  Mark  p.s. - It might make sense to have somebody from the Confirmation Desk come too - what do you think? 
 Here is the spreadsheet with my comments to date. 
 The letter looks fine to me  (one typo on the last page where the "O" in EnronOnline is not capitalized). 
 I have suggested that Mark Dilworth, one of the guys responsible for the web site development, schedule some time with each of you to discuss the latest Long Descriptions spreadsheet.  He can walk you through exactly how it works for your commodities so you can make informed comments. 
 The addition of Paris is news to me so we may have to make a few extra modifications I had not anticipated.  Once you get the info why don't you take a crack at making the necessary changes & let me know.  It may be pretty obvious but I think I can walk you through it on the phone if it's not. 
 Who knows if this is true or not, but it is bizarre. __________________________________________________________ Subject: Darwinian Kharma, Very weird  (A true story from Associated Press, by Kurt Westervelt)  Stick with this.....it's worth it!  This is the strangest thing I've ever heard.  The series of events that had to have taken place in order for this to happen are astounding!  At the 1994 annual awards dinner given for Forensic Science, AAFS president Dr. Don Harper Mills astounded his audience with the legal complications of a bizarre death:  On March 23, 1994, the medical examiner viewed the body of Ronald Opus and concluded that he died from a shotgun wound to the head.  Mr. Opus had jumped from the top of a ten-story building intending to commit suicide.  He left a note to that effect indicating his despondency.  As he fell past the ninth floor his life was interrupted by a shotgun blast passing through a window which killed him instantly.  Neither the shooter nor the dead man was aware that a safety net had been installed just below at the eighth floor level to protect some building workers and that Ronald Opus would not have been able to complete his suicide the way he planned.  "Ordinarily," Dr. Mills continued, "A person who sets out to commit suicide and ultimately succeeds even though the mechanism might not be what he intended" is still defined as committing suicide.  That Mr. Opus was shot during what would apparently have been an unsuccessful suicide attempt because of the safety net, caused the medical examiner to feel that he had a homicide on his hands.  The room on the ninth floor where the shotgun blast emanated was occupied by an elderly man and his wife.  They were arguing vigorously, and he was threatening her with a shotgun.  The man was so upset when he pulled the trigger that he completely missed his wife and the pellets went through the window striking Mr. Opus as he passed by outside.  When someone, intending to kill person "A," kills person "B" instead; someone is still guilty of murder.  When confronted with a murder charge the old man and his wife were both adamant; they both said they thought the shotgun was unloaded.  The old man said it was his long-standing habit to threaten his wife with the unloaded shotgun.  He had no intention to murder her.  Therefore, the killing of Mr. Opus appeared to be an accident; that is, the gun had been accidentally loaded.  The continuing investigation turned up a witness who saw the old couple's son loading the shotgun about six weeks prior to the fatal accident.  It transpired that the old lady had cut off her son's financial support and the son, knowing the propensity of his father to use the shotgun threateningly, loaded the gun with the expectation that his father would shoot his mother. The case now reverts back to one of murder on the part of the son.  Now comes the final twist!  Further investigation revealed that the couple's son was in fact, Ronald Opus.  He had become increasingly despondent over his failed attempt to engineer his mother's murder.  This led him to jump off the ten-story building on March 23rd, only to be killed by the shotgun blast passing through the ninth floor window.  The son had actually murdered himself so the medical examiner closed the case and declared it a suicide. 
 I won't be able to attend the forum since I am travelling but do have a suggestion that would make TAP a bit more attractive.  When a traveller is placed on a "wait list" the agency should check back with the provider regularly and often to see if the wait can be cleared.  If you wait for the provider to get back to you, as appears to be TAP's policy, the chances are significantly reduced since the provider will almost invariably clear the person on the phone before anyone on the list.  Other agents have done this for me, I have done this for myself, and it works. 
 Tana - please send a copy of the Stikeman memo to Peter Keohane.  Thanks!  Mark 
 Sorry Paige - I was in South America last week - will respond today. 
 Sorry for not getting back to you sooner (I was out of town last weeek) - unfortunately, I have a 2:00 already on my calendar but am available later. If you want to meet with Alan & Jeff first and see me afterwards, that's ok with me. 
 Any idea what database he's talking about? 
 Any objection to having David Gilberg fill in for me on this? 
 I'll be on vacation then - see you in September! 
 I see what you mean, and I can't explain the bcc - unfortunately, unless they use "mtaylo1@ect.enron.com" it doesn't get here.  It must just disappear into cyberspace.  Thanks for continuing to send them on.  Mark 
 Please note that my e-mail address is mtaylo1@ect.enron.com.  If you use mtaylor it goes to someone else and may or may not get forwarded to me later. 
 Paige - I can be more argumentative here but if it's not going to make any difference in the outcome, I don't really see the point.  Let me know if you disagree.  While a commodity forward contract which contains an asymmetrical default provision clearly does not have the characteristic of net settlement, we do not believe that Statement 133 is appropriately applied to any contract which requires the making and taking of delivery of a physical commodity absent a default, regardless of whether the default results in a termination payment which may be payable to the defaulting party.  An event of default and resulting termination of a commodity contract can have far reaching negative implications for the defaulting party well beyond the terms of the contract itself (e.g. damage to reputation and credit, triggering of cross-defaults, etc.). 
 Mark - It looks like the new version (that I received from Andrew last week) does not contain the comments I had already made.  Have those been lost somewhere? 
 Marie - would you please check with Credit and see if you can help with this issue.  Thanks,  Mark 
 The October days are fine with me.  I will be out that week in November so I'd appreciate it if you could coordinate with Sara and Shari to make sure we'll have adequate coverage. 
 I've been through both documents and can not find my comments.  I wonder if there is a later draft somewhere? 
 Yes but gtc's not confirmed as complete set and long descriptions not yet reviewed. 
 Mike -  In a word - no.  We'll add it in and you don't need to worry.  Mark 
 Could you please send Tana the list of countries from which online trading of derivatives with ECT is permissible.  She is trying to complete the Counterparty spreadsheet for Louise.  Thanks!  Mark 
 Looks good to me. 
 Do you want to set up a time to meet tomorrow?  How does 10 a.m. look for you? 
 I haven't received anything yet - and have a meeting I have to go to now. I'll check back in an hour or so. 
 Fiona -  Welcome to the Legal Dept.!  I think Taffy was coordinating with you regarding my dinner with Mark this week,  Unfortunately, my trip was canceled at the very last minute this afternoon.  Mark is already aware of the change but he may now have an open slot for dinner on Wed.  I'm sorry I won't be able to meet you this week but will look forward to it on my next trip over.  Mark 
 I'm in EB3889. 
 Hey Dave!  Thanks for your note.  Believe it or not, it actually is "good to be back." And thanks to Louise's timely intervention, I actually get to stay in Houston this week instead of coming over to London for the ISDA meetings.  We discussed the need to have the lawyers review the long descriptions yesterday and Mark Dilworth is checking on whether or not all the lawyers actually have access to the necessary programs on their machines.  He and I are meeting later this morning to talk about several of the items in your note and we have a meeting scheduled for tomorrow morning to show all the lawyers involved how to use the system to review the long descriptions.  The other topics I had on my list to keep moving this week are the matching of GTC's with products and continued progress on the Counterparty spreadsheet.  Harry Collins is the emissions guy.  I'm assuming he'll be part of this process tomorrow and I'll ask him to take a close look at the long descriptions and how the mesh with the GTC's.  Finally, I agree with you on the GTC variables issue.  My plan is to ask the lawyers involved to focus on this as they review the long descriptions for which they are responsible.  With me here to answer questions that may result in more progress but I'm still not convinced that's enough.  I hope to be able to spend some of my own time looking at these as you have over the last couple of weeks but realistically I don't think that will happen very soon. Maybe you can help me prioritize:  should I look first at areas with predicted high volume or areas where we have the least confidence in the quality of work to date?  Talk to you soon.  Mark 
 Thanks for the itinerary.  Please note that my e-mail address begins with mtaylo1, not mtaylor (which goes to Mitch Taylor). 
 Please note that Mark Dilworth's demonstration scheduled for tomorrow morning (11:00 EB2601a) will not be of the entire EnronOnline system but will focus on the portion of the system that builds the long descriptions.  The system now builds the entire long description from the various elements - most of which we have already reviewed - and displays them as they will be viewed by counterparties online.  It is particularly important that the lawyers responsible for the long descriptions and the GTC's attend so that we can complete the review process.  If you can not attend, please let me know so we can set up a time for Mark to show you how to access the system.  Thanks,  Mark 
 Dave:  One item that was left open after my meeting with Mark D. this morning was what the Index should look like and how much input we have had from the confirm desk.  My inclination was that the index should be the same language that we currently use in the confirmation on the theory that the GTC taken together with the long description should result in a complete, unambiguous contract.  Mark felt that the index should provide a more complete description than the short description abbreviation but that the full legal text could wait for the paper confirm.  Given Mark's view as to how this field should be dealt with, it may be that the confirm desk has in fact looked at all of these and said they look fine as far as they go and has not attempted to correct them with the full legal language.  Mark said he would be contacting you himself but I thought it might make sense to give you my version as well.  What are your thoughts?  If you'd like to discuss, I will be in by 9:00 tomorrow but have a meeting at 10 and then the meeting with all of the lawyers and Mark to discuss the further long description review at 11.  Mark 
 It may be that you don't need to be there at all.  This relates to the online trading system that is being built and the legal review of various pieces of the system.  If you haven't been involved yet, it probably means that somebody else (maybe Wayne, Harry or Janice?) is responsible for the commodities you handle.  The project is only confidential in that we're trying to minimize information outside of Enron about it.  There's no problem talking about it internally.  You're certainly welcome to attend if you want to find out more about it, but if somebody else in your group is already covering things, you don't need to worry about it.  Mark 
 Dave - could you please give me a call about this - I think it would be easier to explain over the phone.  I have an interview scheduled at 9:30 but am at your disposal after that.  Mark 
 Just a 'heads up' - there is now no doubt that there will need to be some major revisions to the index language.  I am meeting with some of the folks from the confirm desks this afternoon to get them started on a further review.  Can you please arrange to have the following people given access to the Product Manager:  Jeff Sorenson Dale Neuner Bob Bowen Lynn Shivers Kevin Sweeney 
 Hey guy - Ted's going swimming & can be there a little after after 8:30 - I'll be at the gym until 8.  Any chance that would fit into your schedule? 
 FYI 
 Here's my revised version - let me know what you think. 
 Frank - I think Harry Collins is tracking this down.  If it isn't settled to your satisfaction by Thursday, please let me know.  Mark 
 FYI 
 I'll be there. 
 Thanks for your note.  If you are still trying to decide about shore excursions, I was just remembering my trip and have the following observations:  I found the volcano on the Big Island to be marginally interesting, not particularly pretty, and from where I was staying (Kona), a very long day.  Kauai was very beautiful - the Na Pali coast is particularly spectacular (that coast and the nearby beaches are where South Pacific was filmed) but it is quite rugged and nearly inaccessible as I remember it except on foot or by boat.  I would highly recommend seeing it by boat if that option is available, otherwise, you can just drive up to the end of the road and get a pretty good view.  There is also a river boat trip I didn't get to take so I can't recommend it - it was popular with visitors.  I didn't make it to Maui but I've always thought it would be fun to go to the top of the mountain to watch the sunrise (in a car or bus) and then ride down the hill on a bicycle.  There was a bay near Honolulu on Oahu (near Diamond Head) where I did my first-ever snorkeling.  It was very popular (crowded) but a lot of fun and while there were plenty of fish to see the reef itself was pretty dead (not a lot of pretty coral).  I found the web site for the dolphin lab where I worked but a quick look didn't indicate they have a visitors center.  You might call them when you are there if you have the extra time and want to go. http://dolphin-institute.org/  As far as your clothes are concerned, since you won't have to carry them yourselves, why not  take them all!  Have a great trip!  Love, Mark 
 The language works for me as long as the long description describes multi-month options as a series of multiple options. 
 test message 
 I tried. 
 I'm pretty sure SITA is a French company.  Have we decided that French counterparties are ok? 
 Looks ok to me. 
 Non-smoking please. 
 I've put an hour on my calendar tomorrow afternoon to discuss conference issues. 
 Give me a call with any questions.    Christian Yoder 
 If Debbie is talking about the language she and I discussed late last week, that is new credit language that has not yet gone in to any of the GTC's. 
 Alan:  Are you still the code of conduct person?  If not, let me know & I'll keep looking.  Mark 
 I found it! 
 My analysis is that forcing the scroll through the entire agreement provides additional comfort that the counterparty has actually looked at the agreement and knows to what they are agreeing - it is that much more likely that the contract will be enforceable.  It is certainly not necessary from my point of view that the document take up the entire page rather than appearing in a smaller window with a scroll bar down the side - in fact I think that looks much better.  It would be acceptable from a legal point of view if the "agree" button appeared as in the example below as long as it didn't work until the agreement had been scrolled through.  I personally think that would create more problems from a commercial point of view since many counterparties will try to click on "agree" as soon as it appears without reading the agreement and get frustrated when it doesn't work right away.  David - do you agree? 
 Same treatment as for telephone trading.    Enron North America Corp. 
 The 15th looks fine.  The 23rd and 24th are already holidays.  As for the 22nd, please coordinate with the other legal assistants to make sure we will have coverage that week. 
 In this case I would say do whatever is easiest for you guys.  Since we know that Enron Canada is qualified, we don't really have to have the representation but if it is easier for you to not make an exception, it doesn't hurt to have it in. 
 FYI 
 Hey Marc -  I'm here - it's actually nice to be home & not traveling for a while.  Will you guys be around this weekend?  It doesn't look like I can help your friend.  We almost never hire lawyers fresh out of law school.  Believe it or not, they don't really teach you how to be a lawyer in law school so passing the bar is just the first step.  Your first job is where your real training takes place.  We just don't have the time and capacity to train junior lawyers so we try to hire people who have worked for a number of years (usually at least 5 or 6) at a good law firm. They get good training there and we don't have to hassle with it. 
 Tanya wants us to use this credit for the 5 deemed ISDA's for AIG that Lucy is working on. 
 Can you guys please send over a copy of the questions that were submitted to local counsel in Europe relating to the online trading project?  Alan needs it for Australia and Louise has asked me to deal with Columbia.  Thanks,  Mark 
 Martin:  Thanks for your note.  Is there an English language version of your presentation available?  Mark 
 I have marked my revisions below. 
 Here are several of the contracts we are planning to use for the online system.  I wish I could tell you these are the final (or even the most recent) versions of the documents but things have changed so frequently that I'm afraid these may not be quite up to date.  They do have the advantage of being in my directory and therefore available to send to you today.  I don't think the final changes will be significant but if you want to use these as starting points, please let me know so I can be sure you have the latest material.  The PA is the Password Application which is the only document the prospective counterparty actually signs by putting pen to paper.  The first time the counterparty logs on to the system with its approved password, it is required to agree to the ETA (Electronic Trading Agreement) by clicking on an "I Agree" box after scrolling through the agreement.  The GTC's are the contractual terms that apply to online transactions if there is no master agreement in place.  Legal will have the ability to restrict a counterparty to trading only certain products online if we feel it is necessary.  While most financial transactions will be governed by GTC's that look like our "Omnibus" documentation, the weather derivatives look more like a "Deemed ISDA."  One final complication, the credit group has asked us to create two sets of documents: one for highly creditworthy counterparties which will have no credit provisions included and a second set for counterparties credit is not quite comfortable with which will contain a provision allowing us to call for collateral if we choose. 
 Maybe you can just respond to this? 
 Here is my first cut at an Issues List for Wednesday.  Let me know what you think.  My meeting with Mark H. has been moved up to 1:00.  He may want to get you on the phone then but I don't really know. 
 My only concern is knowing which way the Inside FERC price adjustment that is submitted will go - will it always be plus or always minus?  If so, let's say so.  If not, how will it be clear on the web site which direction the adjustment is going? 
 Was there supposed to be an attachment to the e-mail or are these coming inter-office? 
 I would suggest changing "attain" to "obtain." 
 EPMI and RMT are two different corporations.  As I understand it, in North America EPMI enters into only physical power transactions with third parties while ENA enters into financial transactions.  RMT handles financial transactions between wholly-owned Enron companies.  If the transaction you are handling is a derivative between ENA and Australia, it should be documented as two trades: one between ENA and RMT and the other between RMT and Australia.  That's why the master agreement is between RMT and Australia.  I don't know how the booking is handled. 
 Given the absences, conflicts and heavy work-loads, let's cancel the meeting scheduled for this morning. 
 The same people may be involved but there are tax savings achieved by passing all the derivatives through RMT. 
 Fred called & asked if we could move our lunch from Monday to Thursday or Friday.  Does Thursday work for you? 
 Stephanie:  Sorry I didn't see your response until today.  The prior tenant is moving out today so the house will be available as soon as I can get it cleaned up and any necessary repairs made.  Let me know if you'd like to see it.  Mark 
 Something must have happened in the transmission process - I can't make anything out of the info below. 
 You can ignore that last e-mail. 
 We have not decided "to prevent any regulated utility from completing any financial transactions" online.  If we have already satisfactorily concluded the necessary due diligence with respect to a particular utility, they will be approved.  It is only with respect to those utilities which have not yet been researched that we are withholding approval.  The due diligence required involves asking the utility for certain information concerning their organization and regulatory situation, hiring local counsel in the relevant state and having research done into the laws and regulations in place there and into any public utility commission orders respecting the particular utility in question, and on occasion requesting an opinion letter from the utility's counsel.  We usually begin that process only when a trader believes there is a likelihood of a sufficient volume of trading with the utility to justify the time and expense.  FYI, the due diligence process has in the past revealed circumstances which prevented the utility from trading derivatives or required actions to authorize such trading which had not been taken.  A recent count showed about 10 executed master agreements and another 30 to 40 in one stage or another of the due diligence/negotiation process. 
 Looks good to me.  Are we certain that all of the other traders plan to post daily volumes? 
 http://www.legaltechshow.com/software.html#s20 
 Looks good to me. 
 Good idea.    Enron North America Corp. 
 Thanks for your help last week.  Saturday night was a lot of fun! 
 What is the proposed process once Legal receives this kind of request? 
 How does the New Product Type Approval process work?  We have received several test messages but it is not clear how we look beyond the short description in the e-mail to see the long description (can the short description be set up as a hyperlink to the web-site?) or how we are supposed to respond (my attempted reply was rejected as undeliverable). 
 I noticed that ISDA is putting on a one-day course in London October 19 on Documenting and Confirming Credit Derivative Transactions.  If you are interested and haven't received the brochure, let me know and I can fax it to you. 
 Sorry for the delay - my e-mail has been down all day. 
 We may have some problems with derivatives trading in Mexico - see Tana's note from earlier today.  I'll start the process for the ETA & PA. 
 FYI 
 I was glad to see that the next Monmouth meeting was rescheduled for a time other than December.  I guess Monmouth is a little harder to get to than Chicago but it will be nice to see the campus again.  I'm going to be in New York Nov. 1 & 2.  Any chance of getting together?  Mark 
 The difficulty is in knowing which entites are regulated and which are not. For instance, ENA is an "unregulated" affiliate of a regulated utility (PGE).  But many utilities have energy services companies affiliates which, while not regulated utilities like San Diego Gas & Electric, are nevertheless heavily regulated.  We have tried to figure out what we can in the time available and have relied on readily available public inofrmation. 
 We are getting very excited about the BVI.  It's hard to believe it's only 5 weeks away.  I try to think about it whenever the stock market gets me depressed (which is happening with altogether too much frequency these days).  I see you guys got hit with a triple whammy today.  Oh well, can you say "buying opportunity"?  I'm coming to NYC for a conference in a couple of weeks - any chance you guys are free for dinner on Sunday the 31st?  We also need to talk about $ sometime soon since I made the final payment on the boat a couple of weeks ago.  Have you made your hotel arrangements (we still have a room reserved for you for the night of the 20th which you won't need if you've made other arrangements - and we can always get you a room there for the last night if you want)?   And there's still the beverage list (you did get my fax, didn't you?).  T. sends regards.  Hope you're well and not letting the market roller-coaster get you down (my mantra is "think long term, think long term, think long term").  Mark 
 Today's simulation has been postponed to next Wednesday.  Unfortunately, they have not yet opened the system to the entire web - you have to be on the Enron intranet to get access.  If you want to see it badly enough, I might be able to arrange something for you in our NY office (midtown) otherwise I'll let you know when they roll it out onto the web.  Mark 
 As far as I know, this is the policy for all online trading.  Did I miss something? 
 Let's go for dinner Monday night.  With any luck I'll be able to get to the airport for a plane back to Houston Tues. night. 
 The people at Derivatives Week assure me that we should have access to their web site (www.derivativesweek.com) by Wednesday.  User ID: enalegal Password: swap 
 Here are my comments. 
 Yes, without doubt.  The ETA can't be amended on a counterparty by counterparty basis and it says that any applicable master agreement will control.  Leslie Hansen is also working on a draft.  If you get something from Justin, please forward a copy to me and Leslie.  Thanks,  Mark 
 Here it is! 
 Please arrange - hopefully for Tuesday since Wed. may be hectic. 
 I fully agree with the "fade" effect.  But this looks right to me.  As I remember it, we were not totally happy with the Notional Quantity language but this was the best we could do.  We were going to make sure that whether the submitted volume was per day or per month was clearly reflected elsewhere in the long description.  Not elegant, but adequate. 
 Thanks for your reply.  I think I'd prefer something that's not hosted if possible.  I can definately spend more for something that's either very nice or very interesting.  Also prefer to avoid far reaches of upper east or west sides. 
 Thanks for your note.  Of the three you have listed, #1643 is probably a bit far from public transport for me.  #1671 is convenient to the business I have on Mon. & Tues. (what is Double SS?).  #1966 sounds like a fun location.  I'd be willing to spend more for a place that is particularly well furnished or interesting (any loft spaces?). 
 Sounds reasonable to me.  I'm afraid the difficult questions are the one you posed to Peter and whether or not Credit will agree. 
 It's been long enough since I spent any time in the city that I don't really know what the good places are now.  Il Mulino and Union Square Cafe were always favorites.  What do you think?  Just something to keep in mind as you are evaluating your investments:  The tribal wisdom of the Dakota Indians, passed on from one generation to the next, says that when you discover you are riding a dead horse, the best strategy is to dismount.  However, in modern business, because of the heavy investment factors to be taken into consideration, often other strategies have to be tried with dead horses, including the following:  1.   Buying a stronger whip. 2.   Changing riders. 3.   Threatening the horse with termination. 4.   Appointing a committee to study the horse. 5.   Arranging to visit other sites to see how they ride dead horses. 6.   Lowering the standards so that dead horses can be included. 7.   Appointing an intervention team to reanimate the dead horse. 8.   Creating a training session to increase the riders load share. 9.   Reclassifying the dead horse as living-impaired. 10.  Change the form so that it reads: "This horse is not dead." 11.  Hire outside contractors to ride the dead horse. 12.  Harness several dead horses together for increased speed. 13.  Donate the dead horse to a recognized charity, thereby deducting its full original cost. 14.  Providing additional funding to increase the horse's performance. 15.  Do a time management study to see if the lighter riders would improve productivity. 16.  Purchase an after-market product to make dead horses run faster. 17.  Declare that a dead horse has lower overhead and therefore performs better. 18.  Form a quality focus group to find profitable uses for dead horses. 19.  Rewrite the expected performance requirements for horses. 20.  Promote the dead horse to a supervisory position. 
 Ha Ha  The tribal wisdom of the Dakota Indians, passed on from one generation to the next, says that when you discover you are riding a dead horse, the best strategy is to dismount.  However, in modern business, because of the heavy investment factors to be taken into consideration, often other strategies have to be tried with dead horses, including the following:  1.   Buying a stronger whip. 2.   Changing riders. 3.   Threatening the horse with termination. 4.   Appointing a committee to study the horse. 5.   Arranging to visit other sites to see how they ride dead horses. 6.   Lowering the standards so that dead horses can be included. 7.   Appointing an intervention team to reanimate the dead horse. 8.   Creating a training session to increase the riders load share. 9.   Reclassifying the dead horse as living-impaired. 10.  Change the form so that it reads: "This horse is not dead." 11.  Hire outside contractors to ride the dead horse. 12.  Harness several dead horses together for increased speed. 13.  Donate the dead horse to a recognized charity, thereby deducting its full original cost. 14.  Providing additional funding to increase the horse's performance. 15.  Do a time management study to see if the lighter riders would improve productivity. 16.  Purchase an after-market product to make dead horses run faster. 17.  Declare that a dead horse has lower overhead and therefore performs better. 18.  Form a quality focus group to find profitable uses for dead horses. 19.  Rewrite the expected performance requirements for horses. 20.  Promote the dead horse to a supervisory position. 
 Thanks for your note - hope you have time for a little fun while you're in SF - or at least some good food.  The Moorings said they should be able to put your part on the credit card if you want.  Their number is 800-535-7289; our contract number is 507645 and it's under my name.  The guy I talked to said he'll have to call during regular business hours when the bookkeeping department is open.  Each person's share is currently $905.33.  That includes one night in the Moorings hotel so will go down by 55.50 or so if you decide not to stay there at all. Beverages are covered by a separate payment.  I'll be glad to fax the invoice when you get a number for me.  If you want to send me your check, that's fine, or Bruce can do it - makes no difference to me.  Regarding "connectedness,"  there were no internet cafes the last time I was there.  While that may have changed, there won't be more than one or two in the entire place, I'm sure.  Were you planning on bringing your laptop?  If so, it would make sense to find a 12 volt charger cable that will plug into a lighter socket or bring extra batteries - we won't have 110 volt current on the boat except the first - and maybe one other - night.  It will be easy to check voice mails since we will have a cell phone on board.  But it's not cheap (as I remember it it was $1/min. to receive a call from the States and $2/min. to place one) and I'm reasonably comfortable that you won't be able to plug into it.  I'm not sure if your US cell phone will work there or not. We can find out from the Moorings.  I have an international cell phone I'm bringing along that also has infrared capability.  Does your laptop have one of those ir receivers?  If so, I can bring along the software you need to work it with this phone.  Not to be defeatist and I'm sure the times have changed but I remember one trip 7 or 8 years ago where a friend needed to receive & send some faxes so we stopped at a little island hotel and asked if we could use their fax machine - they said yes but had never seen anyone send or receive more than a 2 or 3 page fax before and our 50 and 60 pagers soon ran the machine out of paper.  When we asked for more paper it turns out we had used the last piece on the island - they were not amused.  Ted asked me to remind you to be thinking about music.  Let me just add in the spirit of self-preservation that it's a good idea.  It's not safe to ignore this issue since if we leave him to his own devices we may not hear much other than Van Halen and Iron Maiden.  Obviously feel free to bring as many of your own cd's as you want & if you let us know what types of tunes you like we'll try and bring ours (if any) that match.  Don't worry too much about Ted's taste - I always insist that he bring along a Walkman & headphones!  Glad to hear the company is doing well, but just in case you need some ideas with some of your projects, I got this from a friend this morning:  The tribal wisdom of the Dakota Indians, passed on from one generation to the next, says that when you discover you are riding a dead horse, the best strategy is to dismount.  However, in modern business, because of the heavy investment factors to be taken into consideration, often other strategies have to be tried with dead horses, including the following:  1.   Buying a stronger whip. 2.   Changing riders. 3.   Threatening the horse with termination. 4.   Appointing a committee to study the horse. 5.   Arranging to visit other sites to see how they ride dead horses. 6.   Lowering the standards so that dead horses can be included. 7.   Appointing an intervention team to reanimate the dead horse. 8.   Creating a training session to increase the riders load share. 9.   Reclassifying the dead horse as living-impaired. 10.  Change the form so that it reads: "This horse is not dead." 11.  Hire outside contractors to ride the dead horse. 12.  Harness several dead horses together for increased speed. 13.  Donate the dead horse to a recognized charity, thereby deducting its full original cost. 14.  Providing additional funding to increase the horse's performance. 15.  Do a time management study to see if the lighter riders would improve productivity. 16.  Purchase an after-market product to make dead horses run faster. 17.  Declare that a dead horse has lower overhead and therefore performs better. 18.  Form a quality focus group to find profitable uses for dead horses. 19.  Rewrite the expected performance requirements for horses. 20.  Promote the dead horse to a supervisory position. 
 This issue comes up when the Credit Group is not happy with the credit provisions built into the already executed Master Agreement - they want the ability to use the GTC with the credit provisions that allow us to call for a letter of credit whenever we want to instead of having the online trade governed by the master (as provided for automatically in the ETA).  What do you think about Edmund's solution?  Mark 
 Would you be available to take Andrea Calo to dinner next Wednesday (the night before the Legal Conference)?  She is coming in a day early to meet & chat with people here. 
 Would you like me to set up some meetings for you with people here in the Houston office for the day before the Confernce?  If so, please let me know what your schedule is & I will ask my assistant to set up some times for you. 
 I had a voice mail from him Mon or Tues that said he would try and get into the office either today or tomorrow.  I expect he may be tied up with getting his son into the hospital and catching up with his wife so we may not see him til Monday. 
 I feel confident putting myself in your hands.  As long is it's not stratospheric, I should be able to get Enron to pick up the tab.  Please go ahead and book whatever you think would be good.  Just let me know when & where to go! 
 There is no organized transport to the Woodlands but it will be easy to make arrangements for you to ride with someone else leaving from the office - so I guess it makes sense for you to come in Thursday morning as well.  I'll try and set up a few meetings for you starting with lunch on Wednesday.  I was thinking primarily of lawyers here - anyone in particular you would like on the list? 
 Jeff, Alan & I will all be in a meeting at 10. 
 Would you please try and arrange for 30 min. meetings for Andrea Calo with as many of the following people as possible either Wednesday afternoon (from 2:00 to 6:00) or Thursday morning (from 9:00 to 10:30):  Mark Haedicke Jeff Hodge Dan Hyvl Michelle Blaine Rob Walls Scott Neal Pat Cini Elizabeth Sager Stacy Dickson Clement Abrams 
 I was planning to take her to lunch that day - you should feel free to take whoever you want. 
 As presently drafted the ETA provides that if a master agreement is in force covering a particular transaction, the master controls.  I don't think we ever adequately resolved the multiple Enron entity issue, though.  For example, if a counterparty has an ISDA Master Agreement in place with ENA, that master agreement could easily cover a trade based on UK gas prices. However, it is not the commercial people's intent that the system work that way.  They want every trade for a particular product to be with a single Enron entity (e.g. all UK gas transactions are with Enron Europe), regardless of what master agreements are in place.  To resolve this I suggest that the long descriptions be revised to state the Enron trading entity for each product type (this is already in place for European derivatives) and that the ETA be revised as follows:  revise the fifth line of paragraph (a) of Section 3 such that Transactions are governed by the short and long definitions in respect of a product "...and any master agreement between Counterparty and the Enron entity trading in such product on the Website which is in effect as of the date of the execution of such Transaction..."  (underlined text inserted)  I think this will please the commercial and tax people; any thoughts from the legal side? 
 I'm afraid I may never have called you back on this one - do we still need to discuss? 
 This probably needs to go on the utility form.  Assuming Watershed is gone, will you have time to start on this tomorrow? 
 My apologies but I'm afraid this one slipped through the cracks in my e-mail and I never responded - has this issue been addressed? 
 Did you ever hear back from the power people? 
 Please deliver my copies to the office.    Enron Capital Management 
 Here is Sullivan & Cromwell's reply. 
 Looks good to me.  Taffy: Please put these on the calendar. 
 Transacting  Question 4 - last line "accepted or rejected immediately upon receipt by the EnronOnline system" or "accepted or rejected by the EnronOnline system immediately upon receipt." Question 5 - similar comment - build in concept of processing immediately upon receipt by the system. Question 9 - Can the Master User give others Master User privileges or can traders within a company view each other's transactions if the Master User authorizes it?  If so, deleat Back Office User and substitute "and others authorized by your Master User".  If not, is it possible there will be more than one Back Office User?  I so, insert (s).  Products  Question 6 - last line "at the best price available on the EnronOnline system (if it is within the range you specify)"  Registration  Question 13 - still needs an answer.  Should it also apply to trader user ID's & passwords?  Legal   Question 3 - Password Application,not Agreement;  "framework for transactions carried out"  Earnings Related Questions - Will these be posted for all to see?  If so, we should have a Corp. lawyer look these over (SEC concerns).  These seem more appropriate as answers for PR and IR to have ready in case anyone asks.  You will no doubt recognize that I have exercised the utmost restraint - contrary to my every lawerly instinct - in commenting only on provisions that were identified as current changes. 
 What was this one about? 
 Plese print these out for the CFTC file. 
 I'm most concerned about the internet aspect of things now - this is new advice we are requesting and I would not expect it to be the lion's share of the expense - presumably the update portion will be relatively easy.    Enron North America Corp. 
 FYI 
 Thanks for taking care of that.  I'm glad the Moorings was able to accomodate us.  Will you guys be free to get together Sunday eve.? 
 Was your "Yes" an answer to my question or Bruce's?  I hope it was mine - any particular preferences/schedule issues?  I can bring some sailing stuff for you - cruising guide to the Virgin Islands and a couple of sailing videos if you want. 
 Bummer - thanks for letting me know. 
 Master Agreements will cover trades with that entity only.    Enron North America Corp. 
 Don't forget the first session of the Conference begins at 1:00 tomorrow afternoon.  Attire for the entire event is casual but since the room may be cool and we hope to have dinner outside, you may want a sweater or jacket. 
 These master agreements will work for any North American financial product. 
 Thanks for spelling it out for me.  I WILL be in NYC this weekend and, while I have done it before and found it to be all you describe, would enjoy going to the parade with you.  As I remember it, the trick to limiting the aggravating and full of people factor is deciding where to watch and when to be there.   The embarrassment factor is significantly reduced by refusing to participate in the actual parade oneself and not knowing any participants (or at least not acknowledging them as they pass).  Do you have the time and route?  Maybe we can grab a bite to eat somewhere nearby.  As far as getting in the mood goes, try http://www.bviwelcome.com/ (I should know how to make that a link but I don't).  I'll definitely bring the cruising guide and a map if I can find it.  None of the videos I have is right on point (either the wrong size boat is involved or they're too advanced) but I'll bring them along anyway.  I have mixed feelings about bringing  Heavy Weather Sailing - I don't want to unnecessarily alarm anyone but we do want G to go to the doctor for the Transderm Scop patch! 
 http://www.usatoday.com/weather/basemaps/nw785500.htm 
 I wish I could take credit for the link success but none of the things I was trying were what actually did it.  Seems that if you copy from Netscape and paste into this e-mail system it happens automatically.  Now this one is actually the result of extra geek effort on my part.  BVI Weather 
 There appears to be a brand new book out by David Brin (one of Tim's authors) called "Heaven's Reach" which I think is still only available in hardback. If you decide not to get it, please let me know and I may. 
 I wish I could take credit for the link success but none of the things I was trying were what actually did it.  Seems that if you copy from Netscape and paste into this e-mail system it happens automatically.  Now this one is actually the result of extra geek effort on my part: BVI Weather.  I'm leaving for a conference here in Houston now and may not be back in the office before leaving for NY.  I'll have my computer with me but am notorious for being incapable of accessing my e-mail on the road so telephone is probably the safest way to reach me from here on.  I check messages at the office fairly often.  (713)853-7459 (office) (713)863-7190 (home) (281)367-1100 (Woodlands Resort & Conference Center - tonight) (212)355-3000 (Waldorf - arriving Saturday afternoon)  Mark 
 Sorry I didn't get back to you sooner - was out on Thurs & Fri.  I'm here and at the Waldorf 355-3000 room 1151.  Still have time for that quick drink? 
 Agreed. 
 I'll be out 11/22, 23 & 24 
 I'm afraid I'm still the right guy.  My comments below in red. 
 Lucy:  Tana tells me you are looking for some guidance as to which Enron entity should be used for booking trading transactions with various counterparties. There are a couple of general rules that apply to "normal" trading circumstances and I'll spell them out below, but remember that these are not hard and fast rules and may go straight out the window when circumstances vary (even just a little bit) from "normal."  For example, abnormal situations exist where the trading transaction is in connection with another transaction with an Enron company (e.g. a financing or equity investment), the counterparty has a legally justifiable desire to trade with a certain Enron company, the product being traded is only traded by a particular Enron company or the counterparty is in a jurisdiction outside the country where we are trading (except as spelled out below).  Having said all that, the following rules (generally tax driven) can be used as general guidelines:  1. If there is no master agreement in place between the counterparty and an Enron company, the trade should be entered into on behalf of the Enron company based in the country where the Enron trader is when the trade is concluded and, if there is any hope of further trading with the counterparty, Credit and Legal should be notified to negotiate a master agreement.  Of course, if the counterparty is outside the country where we are trading, Legal should be consulted ahead of time (there are some countries where derivatives are actually illegal, special procedures must be followed or can't be done by us from the U.S.).  2. If there is a master agreement between the counterparty and either ENA or Enron Canada, and the Enron trader is in the U.S. or Canada, the trade should be entered into by the trader on behalf of the Enron company that is party to the master agreement.  If the trader is outside of the U.S. or Canada, other rules may apply.  3. If there is a master agreement between the counterparty and ECT International (usually only European counterparties), and the Enron trader is in the U.S. or the U.K., the trade should be entered into by the trader on behalf of ECT International.  Note that there are special considerations if the trader is in the U.K. based on U.K. regulatory issues (the trade is actually "arranged" by Enron Europe Finance and Trading Ltd. on behalf of ECT International).  If such a master exists but the trader is not in the U.S. or U.K., the trade should be handed off to a trader located in one of those two countries for final negotiation and execution.  It would be a good idea to consult with Legal or Tax if this comes up for more specific advice.  These general rules relate to which Enron entity should be the legal counterparty to the transactions.  This doesn't determine where within the Enron family the actual risk should ultimately reside.  If we want the risk to be in an Enron company other than the Enron counterparty for contractual purposes, an intercompany transaction should be booked (probably through RMT) to get the risk in the right place. 
 Looks good to me. 
 Thanks for the joke - it's getting lots of laughs! 
 Tana forwarded the following message on to me since she will be out of the office for the next week or so.  We are not familiar with any of these companies or their activities or operations.  You might want to check with Kate Cole's office to see what she knows. 
 Here are my comments - mostly minor. 
 I don't have anything handy - I suggest you contact Paige Grumulaitis. 
 I sent Dave comments on his last three additions yesterday and on the full version e-mailed to me (10/29) this afternoon.  Is the version I looked at the final one or were there subsequent changes to review? 
 keeping my fingers crossed..... 
 "bunnies"?  BUNNIES? 
 Would it work if we picked you up in the USVI?  I know it's possible to fly into St. Thomas either directly from New York or through San Juan and you could take a ferry to St. John (still part o the USVI) where we could pick you up.  It's a bit of a hassle since we have to clear the boat into the US and then back to the BVI but I've done it a couple of times before.  The timing might be difficult since we can't possibly get the boat to St. John before the afternoon of the 22nd.  If you're nervous about sailing into the BVI, we could stick around St. John for a few days.  You might check the cruising guide & see what it says about the US side of things - places to go/anchor, etc. 
 Looks like this one is for me to review.  They will be sending these to all of us so that whenever one of us is out, we can let the others know to forward these on to whomever is appropriate.  We're supposed to get back to them within 24 hours. 
 There appear to have been some changes that were not made in the Canadian Long Descriptions.  Dave Forster will be forwarding them to you.  Please resend the language once those changes are incorporated.  Thanks!  Mark 
 Bummer - I had no idea the USVI wasn't considered part of the US - I'm assuming when you say "on the way back in" you mean from the USVI to the mainland since we could try to arrange things to avoid going back to the BVI while you were with us if that made a difference.  I don't have any leads on a possible stand-in, but don't really want one either since we've our hearts set on YOU.    Hopefully the lawyer can figure out a way to speed things up.  As a last resort, maybe we should check with Greg for a replacement since that's who he'll have to bunk with.  You have to be reasonably careful about such choices since you will be spending your holiday in pretty close contact with them.   It may also be a bit late to find transport to that part of the world; any hope of transferring the ticket in your name to someone else? 
 I have 4 tickets to the Thursday, November 18 Rockets vs. Sacramento Kings game (7:30 start).  Section 125, Row G. 
 Susan:  This is not urgent, but when you have a minute, please check and see what research we have done with local counsel in the Czech Republic.  I'm wondering in particular if they were part of our survey regarding European derivatives law. 
 Donna:  My comments are included below.  These are just suggestions and you can take them or leave them as you will.  Mark 
 Do you have time to compare this opinion to our current form?  Justin tells me he started from a form that was a year or more old. 
 I will give you a call to discuss.  Mark 
 Francisco & Lou:  Here is the reply from Figueroa Sierra.  Sorry for the delay in forwarding this on to you.  Mark 
 Agricultural product options are not permitted. 
 I think S&C is fine - they are helping us with CFTC issues related to online trading and Energy Desk.com seems somwhat related. 
 Here's the current forecast for Lenny.  Shouldn't be  a major problem for us but I feel for folks scheduled to go down there tomorrow and Thursday.  Bruce - we're still keeping our fingers crossed that your permit will come through.  Are you sure you've got the right lawyer working on this?  Seems like he ought to be able to shake it loose somehow.  Anything at all we can do from here? 
 The Moorings people asked me to call back tomorrow when they'll have a better idea about the storm situation - they canceled all of their charter starts for today & tomorrow (no surprise) and she expected Thursday's to cancel also.  They still have everything for the weekend scheduled to go out but they weren't supposed to confirm any hotel rooms between now and Saturday. They were able to confirm a room for you for Sunday the 28th (the day we have to bring the boat back).  I'll let you know what happens when I get through to them tomorrow.  Mark 
 David - We'r trying to get through to you on the phone but can't get across the Atlantic.  Can you try calling us?  I'm at 713 - 853-7459 & Jeff is at 713-853-6911.  Thanks 
 Just for your background info, the other reason we use deemed ISDAs on the interest rate & currency deals is that the omnibus was really drafted with commodity deals in mind.  I'd have to go back and look at it to see if it would work at all for an interest rate or currency deal.  Do you think I should do that?  Hopefully not or at least not til after 1/1.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 
 David - as to your point 2, we have used the "Deemed ISDA" appraoch for weather derivatives.  I see no reason we can't do something similar in Australia for power.  I've atached an example (but I'm not sure it is thefinal version).  Mark 
 Andrea Calo and Cecilia are not in the system to allow me to add them to your review.  Can you ask them to fill out the form and send it on to me (e-mail is fine).  The others were in the system and they should be able to fill everything out on their computers. 
 Please see the following note from Sheila Walton.  She has asked that the forms be returned to her by November 25th.  They can be sent interoffice mail or by e-mail.  Thanks,  Mark 
 It does make sense that there shouldn't be a problem with traveling to the USVI; since you have to clear immigration to get in there from the BVI I wouldn't expect to have to clear again when you go back to the mainland or Puerto Rico.  We haven't spent much time sailing in the USVI so it would be an exploratory trip for us - not at all a bad thing.  We can't get the boat to the USVI till Monday (charter doesn't start till noon on Sun. and there's tons of work getting all the food/drinks/ice etc. put away).  Best bet is to pick Bruce up in St. John - Charlotte Amalie on St. Thomas is reputed to be a large, busy commercial port - a great place for yachts to play dodge-em with the cruise ships (not fun).  There is regular ferry service from St. Thomas to St. John.  We won't be there before noon on Monday.  I just got off the phone with Greg so hopefully AA can do the right thing here! 
 Bruce - I just had another thought (they come so rarely I feel a need to pass them along as soon as it happens).  The Full Moon party we discussed before is on Nov. 23.  Unfortunately it is in the BVI.  If your lawyer can get the permit by Monday and Fed Ex it to us, we could still get over there (Bomba's Shack is on the western end of Tortola - reasonably close to the USVI).  The boat will have a cell phone but we won't have a number till Sunday at the earliest.  Be sure to bring the lawyer's number so we can call him Monday.  Mark  P.S.  -  My sympathies on your day at Federal Plaza.  My imagination isn't up to the task of conjuring how miserable that must have been. 
 Yes - and boats.  I wasn't too worried until the last update which indicates the storm has lost forward momentum and is just drifting out there - just barely east of due south of the BVI.  They are predicting that it will resume its course in the morning and I sure hope so but anything can happen.  As of the middle of this afternoon, the Moorings was planning to let the Friday charter starts go for sure - maybe even tomorrow's! 
 You have to be careful reading those reports - the 145mph number is the current maximum wind speed - right at the eye wall - which is well to the south-east of St. Thomas.  The Weather channel this morning showed local radar indicating a lot of rain in the US 7 BVI but the storm center was pretty far away.  The real question is what direction will it go from here. If it heads out to the north east as predicted, no problems.  If it takes a turn to the north, direct hit.  I hadn't hard about the state of emergency but that could be due to rain related damage.  Many storm sites available: http://www.atwc.org/ http://www.gopbi.com/weather/storm/ http://www.geocities.com/CapeCanaveral/1126/current.html http://weather.yahoo.com/graphics/tropical/tropical_html/atlantic/forecast_adv isory.html http://www.usatoday.com/weather/huricane/1999/atlantic/wstorm1.htm http://www.weather.com/weather_center/  In case you need it to decipher some of the coordinates, the BVI is at roughly 18 25' N 64 40' W St. Thomas is closer to 18 20' N 65 W 
 Interesting damage reports - particularly from St. Croix.  I had been looking at the cruising guide when I got home last night to see where we might be able to poke around in the USVI.  I seem to remember that the Moorings won't let us take the boat to St. Croix (a bit far away) but had thought we might want to get special permission.  Now I'm not so sure if the place will still be all ahoo when we get there.  It might not have been the entire group's cup of tea in any event since it would take a good solid day of sailing each way to and from St. John.  My impression is that I might be the only soul on board who would relish that thought - particularly if the seas are still a bit rough from storm effects.  I'm watching the national Weather Service updates as they come out - roughly every two hours.  Caution on the Fed Ex package for the doorman - USVI may be the US for INS purposes but not for Fed Ex - they require an international waybill for deliveries there.  You can have the package sent to their Cruz Bay office to be held for pick-up (two day service - guaranteed by 4 pm) or to St. Thomas airport (next day service by 2 pm).  I mentioned in a previous note that the main harbor in St. Thomas is not really yacht friendly but we could probably figure out a way to get in there if that works out best (maybe go into a different bay, dinghy ashore and get a cab to the airport).  Fed Ex - (800) 247-4747  Mark 
 Good News:  Lenny weakening - max. winds down to 130 mph and pressure rising Bad News:  The darn thing won't get moving - still just drifting a bit to the north & east  It's hard to describe which islands we care about on those maps - they're all so small they almost don't show up on the maps.  Luckily St. Thomas is to the west and a bit north of Lenny's current position  Here is a San Juan radar image that has St. Thomas marked and one of th recent forecasted path maps. 
 Should I have received a copy already?  I don't remember seeing it. 
 I just got this update (emphasis added) - these coordinates put the storm just a tad south and a good (but not comfortable) bit east of St. Thomas & Tortola.  If it stays on this track, things will only improve in the VI. 
 t-shirts & bathing suits (daytime) polo/surf shirts & shorts (evening wear) beach towel (you may want to wait & buy this down there) boat shoes or sneakers sunglasses (polarized are best) prescription medication sunscreen! books music CDs camera & film snorkel mask & fins (your own will be better than the ones that come with the boat - give us your shoe size if you're not bringing your own) a few zip-lock bags may come in handy for packing wet items waterproof wallet is good to take along some $ if you decide to swim from boat to shore instead of taking dinghy  The Moorings should be able to tell you how to get from the USVI to their base on Tortola.  It may be either a combination of ferry to West End (aka Soper's Hole) Tortola and then a cab to the base in Road Town or a ferry straight to Road Town.  I don't really know.  I'm also no help on how often they run or how long they take.  If you can be at the Moorings by 11 or 11:30 Sunday morning that would be perfect.  Do you have contact info for your hotel in St. Thomas? 
 I have one change to suggest - see attached.     Enron North America Corp. 
 I may have a few minor drafting comments but this otherwise looks pretty good to me.  What do you think? 
 Test message. 
 I may not understand the question, but Legal does not need to be informed of each ETA that is executed. 
 My only concern is that the letter may not adequately tie the master agreement referred to and the products affected in a situation where we have more than one master (covering different commodities or transaction types) with the same counterparty.  I can imagine a situation where Credit doesn't want us to use a physical master but the financial master is ok or vice versa.  I mentioned this to Bob and he will watch for situations where Credit is only "turning off" one master in a multiple master setting.  We should also be listing each master affected if Credit wants to turn them all off. 
 Is this something you know anything about? 
 As you know, I will be out of the office next week.  I will have the cell phone with me:  011 44 7881 512 535  but unfortunately no way to recharge the thing after Sunday morning and no guarantee that it works in the Virgin Islands.  I suggest that if you try that number and do not get an answer that you NOT leave a message there.  It will be much more likely to get to me if you leave it here at the office (x37459).  There will be a cell phone on the boat, however, and I will call my assistant in Houston (Taffy - x57373) Monday morning with the number. 
 Jan:  Please print the attachments for me.  Thanks,  Mark 
 As you know, I will be out of the office next week.  I will have the cell phone with me:  011 44 7881 512 535  but unfortunately no way to recharge the thing after Sunday morning and no guarantee that it works in the Virgin Islands anyway.  I suggest that if you try that number and do not get an answer that you NOT leave a message there. It will be much more likely to get to me if you leave it here at the office (x37459).  There will be a cell phone on the boat, however, and I will call Taffy (x57373) Monday morning with the number. 
 That time works fine for me.  I am in EB3889. 
 I suggest you insert "with respect to the Transactions" after the word "Counterparty" in the second line of paragraph 1.  Otherwise they look great to me.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Canada Corp. 
 From a financial trading perspective, the Credit Group is reviewing each potential counterparty and will not approve any counterparty that is not an "Eligible Swap Participant" (as defined in federal regulations as over a certain size) from trading derivatives.  Generally speaking, they don't approve customers that are smaller than that for any trading from a credit perspective but that is up to them. 
 Thanks for taking care of this.  Sorry I was not reachable. 
 Test reply. 
 Works for me. 
 We have been working on a somewat revised version of the online "override" letter.  What do you think? 
 We have an executed master agreement with Engage Energy Canada L.P. which we received signed around the end of August 1999. 
 A couple more to print, please. 
 That's fine with me - we're taking that approach on the "override" letters that override existing master agreements. 
 I'm still concerned about the circularity of the letter indicating that the GTC will control but then the GTC says the master will control.... 
 Here are my comments.  Do you want to add anything about the reason for this?  I don't think it's necessary from a legal point of view but might soften the letter a bit. 
 This phone number doesn't work - do you have another? 
 These are ok with me if Agency.com has approved.  How will PR be handling #3? 
 This is during our meeting with Michael Guerriero.  Would you prefer that I cover the ISDA call?    Enron North America Corp. 
 Hi Bruce!  Ted took his first steps back to solid foods on Monday night.  He was so sick when we left you on Saturday that we had to motor the whole way back to Tortola and put him ashore for Saturday night.  We made our flight on Sunday and he went to the Dr. on Monday.  They think it was probably food poisoning but I don't see why nobody else got it.  Greg's expenses should certainly be part of the common fund.  There were a few other common expenses we haven't settled up on yet - Ted had a few groceries and a dinner and I paid for the beverage order).  I'll get Ted's numbers when I get home tonight and do a tally which I can send tomorrow. Let me know if you think of anything else.  When I first get back I usually feel the room swaying when it is small and enclosed (like an interior conference room or the shower).  It's a sure sign you were acclimatised to the boat! 
 I'm not sure which e-mail address you are using so I figured I'd send to both.  Here is my itinerary for Christmas travel:  Friday 12/24    Continental 4126  Leaves Houston 7:55 am  Arrives Cincinnati 11:20 am Sunday 12/26  Continentat 4122  Leaves Cincinnati 5:45 pm  Arrives Houston 7:25 pm  These are Continental Express flights - I don't know if that makes a difference in terminals in Cincinnati or not - it does in Houston.  I got your message at home, my SSN is ********* 
 Here is the draft of the amendment letter.  Please let me know if it is acceptable and I will have it executed. 
 Enron rings opening bell for bandwidth exchange By Corey Grice Staff Writer, CNET News.com December 2, 1999, 5:40 p.m. PT  The opening bell has rung for a new kind of exchange. The currency? Bandwidth.  A subsidiary of energy industry giant Enron, Enron Communications, today opened the doors to a bandwidth commodity exchange. The company first announced its intention to sell space on high-speed networks as a commodity in May.  Traditional commodity exchanges sell goods like oil, natural gas and grain. Enron has taken this concept and given it a telecommunications spin, offering space on high-speed networks to communications carriers.  In the past, carriers looking to fill holes or service gaps in their networks would have had to enter long-term contracts with other carriers to fulfill their bandwidth needs. The exchange, Enron says, acts as a sort of middleman for carriers to find short-term contracts or quick fixes as they complete network construction or try to manage heavier-than-expected network traffic.  For example, Global Crossing plans to sell capacity on a high-speed fiber optic link between New York and Los Angeles over the exchange.  Enron also expects to start an international bandwidth trading market next May.  Separately, RateXchange, a similar bandwidth exchange, demonstrated its own commodities trading system at a telecommunications conference in New York today.  RateXchange predicts that the trading of bandwidth and other telecommunications products could become a $8 billion market by 2002. 
 Here are my drafts of letters for ECT and Seagull regarding the transfer of Seagull's positions at E.D.&F. Man.   Please let me know if you have any questions. 
 Here's my letter.  Any comments? 
 My comments below in red. 
 Jeff:  Here are the draft definitions and the list of which companies are to review which definitions.  They have asked for our comments by the 15th (next Wednesday).  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks!  Mark 
 Sorry we've been out of touch lately.  We were on vacation (sailing in the Virgin Islands) the week of Thanksgiving and were pretty busy getting ready for it the week or two before that.  There was a big swim meet in San Antonio last weekend that T wanted to see so we drove out for that (yawn).  I didn't even know you were leaving BA!  I knew you had been sort of looking around for a while but didn't realize you had made a decision.  What's the story?  We're planning to have people over (it's the egg nog time of year) on the 18th - I'm guessing 8 - 10 pm but we'll let you know the details. 
 Sorry for the delay on getting back to you - looks good to me. 
 http://www.forsalebyowner.com/cgi-bin/searchHome.cgi?iHomeID=3620274&iPhotoNum =1 
 11:30 (10:30 Central) works for me. 
 Thursday afternoon and Wednesday both look pretty good for me so far. 
 Here is a draft letter to the Exchange requesting permission to effect the Seagull transfer. 
 I left a voice mail for Paul but have not heard back yet. 
 I have spoken with Martin and he is going to forward some proposed language to me.  I will need to draft a reply letter to try and solve their issue. 
 You assume correctly. 
 Your understanding is correct - the trades are binding on the legal entity holding the user id and password.  Any trades done which either the counterparty or we want to be with a different entity should be assigned pursuant to a written assignment agreement.  If the counterparty continues to misuse the system, maybe we should deny access to the types of products particular entities are not "supposed" to trade. 
 Excellent solution! 
 Lucy:  Cemex has previously signed a confidentiality agreement with us based on our form of agreement.  Their form is significantly more burdensome for us.  I would prefer that we send our form and let them know that it is substantially similar to one previously executed in connection with another matter.  Mark 
 Hi Marc!  Yes, we're having a few friends over Sat. night for "Holiday Cheer" which at our house means cocktails by the Christmas tree and maybe some of my wonderful-tasting but horrible-for-you egg nog.  We'd love to see you guys. It's just an 8 to 10 kind of thing so even if you have other parties to go to, you could make this one the kick-off.  The extent of FABULOUS in our Y2K plans is in the price of the bottle of champagne we're going to share at home that night.  I asked T if we should plan anything and got the "quiet night at home" reply.  That, of course, will change to "Why didn't you plan anything?!" around 12/29 or 30.  How's BMC?  What are you doing for them?  Do you know Clayton Williams?  I think he still works there.  Give us a call so we can catch up.  Tell G we said hi & hope to see you Saturday! 
 Looks good to me. 
 Any chance of getting the confirms to say "Ashland Inc. through its Ashland Specialty Chemicals Comapny division"?    Enron North America Corp. 
 Can you take care of this for me? 
 Here is the Confidentiality Agreement we signed last year. 
 CSC is Computer Science Corp. Joel's number is x57723. 
 Some of these are not final. 
 I would like to consider some counterparty-specific agreement to solve this problem.  What do you think of a side agreement among both KN entities and Enron which specifies that a user ID and password have been issued to both of KN's legal entities jointly and severally and that transactions for certain products (e.g. all financial products) entered into under that user ID and password will be deemed executed by KN Trading (their financial trading entity) and all others will be deemed executed by KN Marketing (their physical entity)?  Do you see any problems here?  Issues re: joint & several liability under the ETA but not the Transactions?  Let me know if you need further clarification of the problem.  I haven't run this by Louise yet - she may raise system or commercial objections.  Mark 
 My comments are marked below in red. 
 Same "calendar day" comment on the Gas Daily index.  "Succeeding" should have two c's.  On the Nymex index, what are we taking the "unweighed average" of?  This isn't clear to me.  Should "la" towards the end be capitalized? 
 Can you please check on this?  I thought we had wire-transferred the money to Sullvian & Cromwell. 
 Looks good to me! 
 Green 
 As per Gary's request, here is the revised letter.  If you will send the executed copies to me, I will arrange to have them signed on behalf of Enron. 
 Good catch!  And I agree, we're done. 
 You can send it to :  Mark Taylor Enron North America - EB3889 1400 Smith Street Houston, TX 77002  Thanks! 
 Adele:  Here is a draft of a letter agreement amending the online Electronic Trading Agreement.  Please let me know if it is ok and I will have a copy executed and faxed over to you.  My apologies for the delay - I thought I had sent this to you last week but I can't find any record of it so I must not have done it.  Mark 
 Where do I go to see the products? 
 Sorry for the delay in getting back to you.  I never did come up with a good solution last year to the "cat climbing the Christmas tree" problem except fastening the glass ornaments really tight so when she climbed up inside the tree they didn't shake off.  This year she seems content to just hide underneath the tree and hasn't been climbing up inside it - maybe she's just gotten too big.  I agree that the mouse traps sound mean - what about double-sided tape?  I understand the cats hate stepping on the sticky stuff so will leave the area alone afterwards (this was suggested as a discouragement to jumping on kitchen countertops but might work under the tree).  And of course, the lower branches of the tree are reserved for wooden and metal ornaments - nothing breakable. 
 Cindy:  We have the signed letters - where should we send them? 
 Here is an example of what such a letter might look like which may satisfy several of the concerns you raised in our call this afternoon. 
 Paul:  It seems to me these types of transactions (at least new ones) could be covered by an ISDA with some creative confirm work on our part.  It's certainly not necessary for us to wait for ISDA to get its act together (it may be quite a wait) - we can come up wit our own definitions.  The financial power trades might be something of a stretch but we have never had the question fully reviewed.  I guess this is another matter to keep in mind as the power pool is restructured:  to the extent we have any influence over the resulting structure, it would be nice if it fit easily into a standard financial trading structure.  Just random thoughts.  Mark 
 Let me check with Mr. B.  I don't think we have any specific plans - probably last minute shopping/wrapping.  We're both leaving on Thurs. and returning on Sun. 
 I do have some issues with the proposed language and will be discussing the details with Dale tomorrow. 
 How do you want to handle these? 
 Until we have determined a legal structure that works for this trading (e.g. Chinese walls, public vs. private reference credits, etc.) I would encourage caution in how far you go with specific names.  Once they are tainted, it may not be possible to cleanse the situation sufficiently to trade on them for some time.  When would you like to go to New York to meet with Sullivan & Cromwell?  Let me know and I will set something up.  Mark 
 This looks fine to me.  Is this the way our confirmations read for telephone trades?  If not, do we need to make this change there also?  Mark 
 Looks good to me - It should probably get one last look by Mike Corbally, too. 
 That's fine with me - I don't anticipate any problems at this point.  Don't worry about losing days, though.  We can always make under the table adjustments next month if necessary. 
 There are conflicts for the 2:00 time slot and so many year-end deals taking up everyone's time and attention that I think it makes sense to reschedule for a later date. 
 Mark H. has asked me to prepare an outline of an "acceptable" regulatory framework for OTC energy derivatives that we could use as a fallback position next year.  Here is a draft I've come up with.  Any suggestions? 
 Friday at 10 looks good to us. 
 Thanks for your Christmas letter.  It was good to see how Celena has grown!  I'll be back in NYC Jan. 6 & 7 - any hope for dinner or at least a drink on Thurs. eve.?  My flight is scheduled to get in around 6:45 pm.  Mark 
 Mark,  You might want to check with Paul on this.  How have we arranged our IPE trading?  Since we are talking about exchange-traded contracts here, not dealing with customers, it may be possible to use an entity other than EEFT.  Hope all is well.  Mark 
 Louise - If you are back in Houston I'd like to get together and discuss the credit derivatives project.  Otherwise, maybe we can chat by phone?  Mark 
 I see what you mean.  Another thing we need to consider is whether or not this is part of our market maker status for the exchange - do you know if Bob wants Steve's activities in London to be part of that? 
 I did havea brief conversation with Janice about this but don't remember her conclusions.  For financial transactions we are attaching the GTC's.  That is the way we handle the regular telephone trading and in an attempt to make the online trading look as much like telephone trading as possible we continue the tradition.  If in current liquids trading the terms and conditions are not sent as part of the confirm (where there is no master in place) I don't know why we need to attach them for online trading.  If the back office needs a Word version of the GTC to make their job easier there should be no problem getting one for them. 
 Sounds good to me. 
 It's ok with me.  Please check with Tana and Susan as well. 
 I agree completely, have talked to the Mayors Office - Citizens' Assistance Office, the Traffic & Transportation Dept. (who gave me Ms. Dorsey's name) and have written to Ms. Dorsey.  I suggest you also complain to our City Council member and the other at-large members.  Since Dorsey is the Bikeway Coordinator, she won't have much incentive to do away with a designated bikeway but Council members want our votes:  GABRIEL VASQUEZ gvasquez@cnl.ci.houston.tx.us - I think he represents the Heights ANNISE D. PARKER aparker@cnl.ci.houston.tx.us - I think Gordon has already written to her GORDON QUAN gquan@cnl.ci.houston.tx.us ORLANDO SANCHEZ osanchez@cnl.ci.houston.tx.us CHRIS BELL cbell@cnl.ci.houston.tx.us CARROLL G. ROBINSON crobinso@cnl.ci.houston.tx.us  The last 5 are "at-large" members of the council.  I got all of these from the City web site so I can't be sure it's a current list.  Another argument for two lanes on Heights is that with only one lane, some percentage of traffic will divert itself to side streets making them less safe for residents there.  And p.s. the argument that this lane is designed for use by bicycle commuters is particularly empty since the lane doesn't go anywhere - there's no connecting route at either end that I am aware of - do they expect all these hypothetical bicycle commuters to get on I 10? 
 I have now heard back from Ken Raisler's office that the only time he has left next week is Thursday morning.  Does that work for you guys? 
 It looks like this didn't go through last night. 
 We sent ISDA our comments a couple of weeks ago.  I have resent them to Corinne this morning and sent a copy to you.    Enron North America Corp. 
 We are scheduled at Ken Raisler's office at 9:00 on Thursday.  The address is 125 Broad Street (on the eastern end of Broad St. - right by the East River).  See you there! 
 Any thoughts on this Platt's issue? 
 I called and asked for an information packet on the Enron insurance plan (it is through MetLife) last week.  I will let you know as soon as it comes.  Thanks for the update on Tim & Sharon.  I guess the down-side of a 2 year old is that she may already have a fairly well formed personality, but the up-side is they will know she is healthy and she is still young enough to learn a new language easily.  Feel free to let me know when the bank statement comes - I seem to remember that we came up with a scheme to deal with that last year.  I'll bet we can do it again!  And until then we can just bask in the light of this amazing run in the ENE stock price - wow! 
 January 7, 2000   Writer Patrick O'Brian Dies at 85   A.P. INDEXES: TOP STORIES | NEWS | SPORTS | BUSINESS | TECHNOLOGY | ENTERTAINMENT   Filed at 3:21 p.m. EST  By The Associated Press  LONDON (AP) -- Patrick O'Brian, whose celebrated novels of 19th century seafaring won praise from critics and the loyalty of legions of readers, has died. He was 85.  O'Brian died in Dublin, Ireland, where he had been working on a book for several weeks at Trinity College. The cause of death was not given and there were conflicting reports of the date.  The British Embassy in Paris said O'Brian died Tuesday, but newspapers and the news agency Press Association said he died Sunday. O'Brian had lived in France since 1949.  O'Brian's major work was a 20-volume series set in the Royal Navy during the Napoleonic wars.  A deep knowledge of naval history and 19th century life enabled him to evoke a time and place so vividly that, in this era of supersonic jets and smart bombs, his readers were gripped by the slow-motion suspense of sea battles fought under sail.  The series, begun in 1969 with ``Master and Commander,'' is the story of the friendship between a bold and ambitious navy officer, Jack Aubrey, and the ship's surgeon Stephen Maturin, a naturalist and secret agent who doesn't much like sailing.  Although the books were well-reviewed and found an enthusiastic readership from the start, it wasn't until the 1990s that they achieved wide recognition abroad and were lifted out of the ``historical fiction'' genre in which they generally were reviewed.  In 1991, a New York Times critic called O'Brian ``the best novelist you have never heard of.''  ``Patrick O'Brian has written great and enduring literature which happens to be set largely at sea,'' the Sunday Telegraph wrote in 1997, praising ``the intensity of characterization, the complex elegance of the plotting, and the brilliance of the writing.''  O'Brian also proved that, in the hands of a skilled writer, specialist language need not be an obstacle to understanding. Readers who can't remember which side of a ship is starboard still can feel the frantic activity on deck as the sails unfurl and catch the wind, and the excitement as a man-of-war turns to engage the enemy.  A lexicon explaining O'Brian's nautical terminology was published, but O'Brian didn't think definitions important.  ``Ignorance of the cross-catharpins is not necessarily fatal,'' he once said. ``Explanation almost certainly would be.''  O'Brian's fans range from actor Charlton Heston to critic John Bayley, a former Oxford professor of literature who wrote that O'Brian's ``originality consists in the unpretentious use he makes of (history) to invent a new style of fiction.''  ``No other writer,'' Bayley wrote, ``not even Melville, has described the whale and the wandering albatross with O'Brian's studious and yet lyrical accuracy.''  O'Brian guarded his privacy, and in his few interviews resisted questions about his personal life.  He was born Dec. 12, 1914, in Chalfont St. Peter, west of London, and it wasn't until 1998 that he was revealed to be the son of an English doctor and not an Irishman as had been widely believed, the Daily Telegraph said in an obituary Friday.  The newspaper said O'Brian was born Richard Patrick Russ, but changed his name in 1945. During his school years, he was frequently ill, spending much time reading. His writing career began at age 15, when he published a book about the union of a giant panda and a snow leopard.  During World War II, O'Brian drove ambulances and worked briefly with Britain's Political Intelligence Department.  In 1949, he and his second wife, Mary, moved to Collioure, southern France. His first seafaring novel was ``The Golden Ocean'' in 1956, about a Pacific expedition.  O'Brian's Aubrey-Maturin series was already well under way in Britain by the beginning of the 1990s, when editor Starling Lawrence of the American publisher W.W. Norton chanced to read one on a flight home.  The rest, as they say, is publishing history.  Several years ago, the writer said he would end the series with the 20th book, but last month he said he was working on volume 21, the Daily Telegraph reported.  O'Brian also wrote biographies of Picasso and naturalist Sir Joseph Banks. A linguist, he translated the work of French writers Simone de Beauvoir and Colette.  O'Brian was made a Commander of the Order of British Empire in 1995.  Funeral plans were not announced. He is survived by a son, Richard, from his first marriage. 
 Here is a revised version - let me know what you think. 
 Adele,  Here is a revised version.  Let me know what you think.  Mark 
 This will summarize our conversation this morning in which you asked if there was a problem with your purchase of an equity investment (through a private placement) in an internet/communications company.  My response was that Enron prohibits the trading by employees of (i) any security on the Restricted List maintained by the Compliance Group, (ii) any security, instrument or commodity within that employees area of responsibility and (iii) any energy commodity.  I suggested that you contact Donna Lowry to confirm both my understanding and that the security in question is not on teh Restricted List.  While I did not mention it on the phone, I should point out that it would be unwise to take a position in a competitor of Enron's that would (or might in the future) give you control or the appearance of control or influence over the management of that competitor. 
 Good idea! 
 This letter goes a good bit further than we have with any of the North American counterparties negotiating the ETA in that it identifies only those portions of the ETA that control over the masters rather than identifying those provisions which are subject to the masters.  In my view there are really only very few places where we do not want the ETA to govern.  Most of the agreement relates to the use of the website itself and to that extent there either should be no conflict with the master or if, by some tortured interpretation there is a conflict, the ETA should control.  In one case I had to go through the entire ETA with the counterparty's lawyer, paragraph by paragraph, to identify those provisions where we would be willing to allow the master to control.  The only sections we had to amend were the first sentence of section 3(e) (regarding confirmations - this may be different in the UK version), the confidentiality provisions and the notice provisions of section 6(e).  And of course nearly every counterparty making comments has insisted that the indemnity provisions be scaled back to one extent or another.  Maybe if PowerGen is intransigent, they would be willing to add a sentence to the letter indicating that the ETA will control regarding the acess to and use of the website.  In an attempt to differentiate between our contractual trading arrangements and our agreement concerning the use of the website, perhaps Paragraph 3(a) can read something like "Except as set forth under paragraph 3.(b) and (c) below, in the event of any conflict between the ETA and the master agreement, with respect to the terms of any Transactionthe master agreement shall prevail.  If we have to use this letter, my only other suggestion to the language would be to refer in paragraph numbered 1 to "The agreements listed beloweach comprises a" or better yet "Each agreement listed below is a" rather than "The agreements listed below comprise the". 
 We need to revise the Counterparty Matrix procedures.  Counterparties with a North American financial master agreement should only map to North American financial products (including all weather and paper transactions). Therefore, please revise the counterparty matrix to reflect that those counterparties with a North American master map to GTC's for European derivative transactions.  Please call me or Tana if you have any questions.  Thanks!  Mark 
 I'm off to New York for a meeting but thought you might like to see this:  Wednesday January 12, 11:30 am Eastern Time  RESEARCH ALERT - Enron price target raised  NEW YORK, Jan 12 (Reuters) - Schroder & Co Inc said Wednesday it raised Enron Corp's (NYSE:ENE - news) price target to $75 from $60 and cut 2000 earnings per share estimates.  -- raised price target because ``as the bandwidth trading market unfolds over the next 12 months, we anticipate that an additional $15 of value will be created for shareholders, with considerably greater value possible as the market develops.''  -- cut 2000 estimates to $1.45 per share from $1.55 "due to fine-tuning." -- introduced 2001 EPS of $1.75. -- "Bandwidth trading will be a critical value creator in  2000. Enron has built a critical base in the emerging bandwidth commodity industry, which is poised to achieve rapid growth in 2000."  -- ``Bandwidth trading keys off Enron's market dominant skills developed in trading electricity and natural gas. After executing the first key bandwidth trade in 1999, Enron appears poised to begin posting rising transaction volumes, establishing the credibility of this new industry.''  -- ``The ultimate value of bandwidth trading is likely to exceed the total value of Enron's existing electricity and gas franchise.'' 
 Would you guys please take a look at this and let me know what sorts of restrictions you would suggest we try and put on these guys and what sorts of legal disclaimers/notices should be on the site?  Thanks,  Mark 
 Looks like Mr. B has a late swim practice tonight so we won't be at Adobe :-(.  Maybe next time.  If I don't see you, have a very merry one and let's talk next week.  mark 
 Have you seen this? 
 The SRRS indicates there are no requests awaiting my approval. 
 The flyer didn't come through - do you have a copy? 
 Don't be too hard on him just yet.  Remember that we talked about many similar issues here when they first came up.  Maybe after we've been through these with him once he will negotiate them in the first case and only bring the tough sticking points to us. 
 Just so you know what may be coming, I have spent roughly half of my time in the office over the last six weeks negotiating these sorts of requests.  It is very time consuming.  My comments below in red.  Best of luck and feel free to call with any issues.  Mark 
 Approved 
 I have gone ahead and forwarded this and the ECFC version to the EOL people to be uploaded.  I do have a concern though that I wanted to ask you about. These GTC's use the defined term "Commercial Term" which is defined as follows:  "Commercial Terms" means that part of this Agreement confirming in writing the specific terms of a Transaction which may be in any form adequate at law that is issued in connection with a Transaction.  We have taken the position in our other EOL trading that the transaction is complete and binding from the time we accept the counterparty's offer over the system by reference to the GTC, the numbers submitted by the counterparty (usually volume and price) and the Long Description.  We've gone to some lengths to make sure that the combination of GTC, website numbers and Long Description contain all of the necessary terms.  It's not clear to me that we intend the website numbers and Long Description to satisfy the definition of Commercial Terms.  Are these transactions not intended to be binding until the confirmation is signed?  Any thoughts on this? 
 Hey Mark - I thought you had my new (as of July 1997) address - sorry about that.  I'm now at:  1322 Rutland Houston, TX 77008  (713)863-7190 - home (713)853-7459 - work  I heard about Mrs. Boone in the Scots News.  I thought it was a nice write-up.  The Boones were very special people and I regret extremely that I didn't get to know them better.  Hope you guys are doing well.  I was in NYC in Nov. but was so busy I didn't have time for visits or fun of any kind!  Hope to get back soon but there's nothing for NY on the calendar.  Probably DC early Jan., London late Jan. and Buenos Aires and Sao Paolo in Feb.  I saw the magazine article (with such good photos!) a couple of months back.  My mom actually called to tell me about it.  Did you guys get my Christmas card?  I thought Celena might get a kick out of it.  Tell Debbie & Celena I said "Hi!"  Take care,  Mark T. 
 I have been able to access this but our outside legal counsel (Sullivan & Cromwell in NY) can't.  Any way for them to get access so they can advise us on this?  They are also the guys who will help with a training session on various legal issues and company policies in trading.    Michael Etringer  01/14/2000 05:00 PM 
 I thought your Mom might like the first three. 
 January __, 2000    Via Facsimile  MEMORANDUM TO:=09Paul Simons=20 =09(Enron Europe Limited)=20 =09=20 =09Mark Taylor=20 =09(Enron North America Corp.) FROM:=09Kenneth M. Raisler=20 =09David J. Gilberg RE:=09Enron Online/Credit Product  This memorandum summarizes the proposed procedures we discussed during our= =20 meeting on January 13, 2000 for use in connection with the credit derivativ= es=20 product (the =01&Product=018) to be offered by Enron Capital & Trade Resour= ces=20 International Corp. and its affiliates (collectively, =01&Enron=018) throug= h =01&Enron=20 Online=018.  These procedures, which we will be assisting you in preparing,= are=20 designed to reduce Enron=01,s exposure to those entities on whose credit th= e=20 Product will be based (the =01&Reference Entities=018) as well as Enron=01,= s exposure=20 to other related types of liabilities.  We have previously outlined these= =20 areas of exposure in our memoranda dated December 15, 1999 and December 22,= =20 1999. =20 1. Disclosure =01* All Reference Entities should be advised, by letter, of = the=20 fact that they will be included in the list of entities that will be the=20 subject of the Product.  These disclosures will of course be separate from,= =20 although related to, the disclosures to be provided to counterparties to=20 transactions in the Product.  ? This disclosure should inform the Reference Entity of the introduction of= =20 the Product, and describe the general nature of the Product and the manner = in=20 which it will be traded (e.g., through Enron Online).  ? In general, however, Enron need not request that the Reference Entities= =20 consent to or acknowledge their inclusion in the list of the Reference=20 Entities, except as set forth below in paragraph 2.=20  2. Consent =01* Enron should, however, obtain the prior consent of certai= n=20 types of Reference Entities before including them in the list of Reference= =20 Entities.  ? In particular, consent should be obtained from any Reference Entities wit= h=20 which Enron has a significant trading relationship that includes advice or= =20 other services that could result in Enron being considered a fiduciary of t= he=20 Reference Entity or that could otherwise give rise to common law duties tha= t=20 could be violated if the Reference Entity does not consent to the arrangeme= nt.  ? Enron need not seek consent from those large and sophisticated=20 counterparties to which Enron merely provides prices and with which Enron= =20 trades on an exclusively arms=01, length basis with no advisory or similar= =20 services being provided and with no fiduciary obligations.  ? Where consent is sought, Enron should include a request that the Referenc= e=20 Entity acknowledge its receipt of the letter and its consent to being=20 included in the list of Reference Entities.  If a Reference Entity fails or= =20 refuses to execute the letter, Enron will need to make a determination, on = a=20 case-by-case basis, as to whether it is comfortable including that entity o= n=20 the list of Reference Entities.  However, it should be recognized that, by= =20 requesting consent, Enron may be limiting its ability to treat an entity as= a=20 Reference Entity in the absence of consent.  3. Chinese Wall =01* We understand that it will not be feasible to construc= t a=20 complete =01&Chinese Wall=018 between the operations related to the Product= and=20 Enron=01,s other trading activities.  This is due primarily to the fact tha= t=20 activities related to the Product will utilize the same credit function as= =20 Enron=01,s other trading activities.  However, Enron should implement a mod= ified=20 Chinese Wall between the trading operations.  This approach would enhance= =20 Enron=01,s ability to defend successfully against any claims of impropriety= or=20 breach of duty by facilitating Enron=01,s ability to demonstrate that=20 information had not been shared by other traders with those trading the=20 Product. This could be accomplished through a number of procedures.  ? First, Enron should maintain the maximum possible degree of physical=20 separation between personnel responsible for pricing and trading the Produc= t,=20 on the one hand, and Enron=01,s other trading activities, on the other hand= . =20 Even if personnel involved in the Product are located on the same floor as= =20 other traders, it would be prudent to place them in a separate area of the= =20 floor set off by partitions or similar features.  ? Second, procedures should be developed to prohibit the flow of informatio= n=20 between Product traders and other traders if such information is material t= o=20 the creditworthiness of trading counterparties and is not in the public=20 domain.  In addition, all trading personnel should be instructed with respe= ct=20 to the procedures through training programs.  ? Finally, senior supervisory officers of Enron should be assigned to monit= or=20 communications between the groups of traders and to review and make=20 determinations on requests by traders to communicate information that would= =20 otherwise be prohibited under the procedures.  These procedures will be=20 similar to those that have been developed in connection with Enron=01,s equ= ity=20 trading activities.  4. Restricted List -- Enron should establish and maintain a =01&restricted = list=018=20 of those entities on which Products may not be traded.  ? Initially, the list could be used to exclude those entities on which it i= s=20 not feasible for Enron to offer Products due to the nature of its=20 relationships with such entities; e.g., those entities with respect to whic= h=20 Enron might be considered a fiduciary and which have not consented to their= =20 inclusion and those entities about which Enron has or regularly receives=20 material, non-public information.  In addition, those entities with which= =20 Enron has entered into confidentiality agreements will most likely need to = be=20 excluded, depending on the terms of such agreements.  ? Enron should also establish procedures to monitor its receipt of=20 information regarding Reference Entities on which Products are listed. =20 Pursuant to these procedures, Enron should suspend the listing of quotation= s,=20 and therefore the issuance of new Products, with respect to a Reference=20 Entity, if Enron is in possession of material, non-public information=20 regarding such Entity of a type, or in situations, that render suspension= =20 necessary or advisable.  This would include situations in which Enron is=20 considering an investment in or a joint venture with a Reference Entity.  I= n=20 addition, the procedures should provide for Reference Entities to be exclud= ed=20 or deleted for reasons unrelated to Enron=01,s possession of information as= =20 well; e.g., where Enron has reached or exceeded its credit limits with=20 respect to such Entities.=20  ? The procedures should state that Enron may close out an open position for= a=20 Product held by a counterparty, if the counterparty specifically requests= =20 Enron to do so.  The procedures should also address the pricing of the=20 closing transaction, however, and establish a mechanism for such pricing th= at=20 minimizes Enron=01,s potential exposure to liability as a result of its=20 effecting a transaction while in possession of material, non-public=20 information.=20  ? Enron should provide training to the appropriate personnel, which should= =20 include instructing such personnel not to furnish Product counterparties wi= th=20 any notification or explanation of a Reference Entity being placed on the= =20 restricted list.=20  As noted, we will be assisting you in developing these procedurew, which wi= ll=20 need to be integrated into Enron=01,s existing policies and procedures.  In= =20 addition, as we have advised you in our prior memoranda, there are no=20 procedures that will fully insulate Enron from the potential liabilities=20 arising in connection with its offering of the Product.  However, the=20 implementation of the types of procedures described above should assist Enr= on=20 in mitigating such risks and defending against claims that might be made by= =20 Reference Entities. Please call us if you have questions on these or other issues. =20  K.M.R.=20 D.J.G. 
 I received the attachment you sent to me at Christmas but was not sure how well it worked for you to recieve them.  I took a roll of film to be developed and they had a special on having the photos returned on a disk as well as prints.  I though they were the Christmas pictures that I could send to you right away - but it turns out it was an old roll. 
 I tried to send this to your juno address and it came back.  Just in case you are home, I also received the following from the PR department a few minutes ago: Be sure to watch Chairman and CEO Ken Lay on Fox News today.  He will appear on "Our World" with Neil Cavuto at 4:30 p.m. CST to discuss Enron's year-end financial and operating highlights. 
 I would like to attend. 
 Apparently there was some miscommunication.  It was very clear to me after our meeting in Louise's office that with respect to proposed Reference Entities with which Enron has an existing business relationship you were going to add the consent to the notice letter.  It was that consent that was to dramatically speed up the process of determining which Reference Entities could be listed.  As we discussed last week, without that consent each proposed Reference Entity must be evaluated separately regarding whether or not a confidentiality agreement is in place and whether or not the existing business relationship is extensive enough to require consent.  Neither of these evaluations will be easy or quick.  While Enron North America has been reasonably good about compiling lists of confidentiality agreements, it is by no means clear that all other Enron entities have done so.  We have not yet determined a process for evaluating the extent of the existing business relationships with our customers but that process will necessarily require significant amounts of legal and commercial time at a high enough level to make important judgment calls.  My impression was that you were willing to add the consents to the notice letters since in one fell swoop it resolved a difficult legal issue and moved your earliest possible launch date forward by weeks if not months but also on the assumption that if a customer was not willing to give us their consent we should not be taking the commercial risk that it was precisely those customers whose relationships would be jeopardized by proceeding to use them as a Reference Entity.  We will now move forward to develop the processes necessary to conduct the evaluations mentioned above.  Please send the list of proposed Reference Entities as soon as possible. 
 Yes, I think they could develop some initial thoughts with that kind of description.    Michael Etringer  01/19/2000 04:40 PM 
 Sheri L Cromwell 12/30/98 04:32 PM 
 Is it possible to pinpoint the sources of the rumors we discussed yesterday? If so, it might be possible to maintain an action against the culprits.  I'm not sure exactly what it might be - possibly for slander or tortious interference with contract, something like that.  I could discuss it with our friend Richard Sanders but it would be a waste of time if we can't identify the perpetrator. 
 Looks good to me - there is a chance that I will be out Feb 14 - 18. 
 The vacation time looks good to me.  My trip is nowhere near final yet so let's hold off on rescheduling the credit group lunch.  Don't come back until you're well! 
 Thursday January 20, 4:51 pm Eastern Time  Company Press Release  SOURCE: Enron Corp.  Enron Hosts Annual Analyst Conference; Provides Business Overview and Goals for 2000  HOUSTON, Jan. 20 /PRNewswire/ -- Enron Corp. (NYSE: ENE - news) hosted its annual equity analyst conference today in Houston. Ken Lay, Enron chairman and chief executive officer, opened the conference by highlighting Enron's tremendous growth across all businesses and the outstanding 700 percent return to shareholders over the past decade.  Enron presented key objectives for 2000: Continued strong growth in the core Wholesale Energy businesses. Break-out performance from Retail Energy Services. Rapid development of Enron Broadband Services.  Enron's ability to extend core skills and competencies to new markets was a recurring theme throughout the day.  Wholesale Energy Business  Growth prospects remain strong for Wholesale Energy Operations and Services, Enron's largest business. Wholesale energy growth in North America is expected to be driven by the continuing deregulation of power markets in the United States and large-scale energy outsourcing by utilities and large energy consumers. Enron expects to continue to broaden its early lead across the European continent as markets quickly open to competition. Finally, Enron is rapidly expanding its wholesale presence in other markets such as Japan, where large customers will be permitted to choose their electricity provider in March 2000.  EnronOnline will provide additional wholesale growth as incremental sales are generated through this innovative, Internet-based transaction system. Over 450 customers around the world have used EnronOnline and over 10,000 transactions have been completed since its introduction in late November 1999. Yesterday, EnronOnline transaction levels reached a new record with over 700 transactions, representing a notional value of $250 million. Transaction processing costs with EnronOnline are significantly lower than costs associated with traditional transaction methods.  Enron's Gas Pipeline Group is also well positioned to continue growing, with expansions planned or underway on several of its systems.  Retail Energy Services  With over 16,500 facilities under management, the infrastructure is in place to service customers worldwide. As the strong contracting momentum continues, Enron Energy Services is poised to rapidly increase earnings in 2000. Enron Energy Services' goal for 2000 is to sign new contracts representing $16 billion in future expenditures by customers for energy and energy services, nearly double the level in 1999.  Enron Broadband Services  The new name of Enron's communications business, Enron Broadband Services, reflects its role in the very fast growing market for premium broadband services. Enron is deploying an open, flexible global broadband network controlled by software intelligence, which precludes the need to invest in a traditional point-to-point fiber network. This Enron Intelligent Network is widely interconnected to both other wholesale bandwidth carriers and to Internet service providers, thus providing the platform for two new Enron business centers, bandwidth intermediation and broadband content delivery.  A direct transfer of Enron's core market making and risk management skills from its energy businesses, bandwidth intermediation will provide capacity- holders a vast array of alternatives for flexible, low cost capacity. Enron will also provide premium broadband content services, such as high-quality video-streaming and large broadband file transfer, with differentiated levels of quality in a usage-based business model.  As announced in a separate release, Enron also reached an agreement with Sun Microsystems that provides for accelerated development of broadband Internet services.  Enron is one of the world's leading electricity, natural gas and communications companies. The company, which owns approximately $34 billion in energy and communications assets, produces electricity and natural gas, develops, constructs and operates energy facilities worldwide, delivers physical commodities and financial and risk management services to customers around the world, and is developing an intelligent network platform to facilitate online business. Enron's Internet address is www.enron.com, and the stock is traded under the ticker symbol, ``ENE.''  This press release includes forward looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Although Enron believes that its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions, it can give no assurance that its goals will be achieved. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward looking statements herein include political developments in foreign countries, the ability to penetrate new wholesale and retail natural gas, electricity and broadband services markets, including the energy outsource market, in the United States and Europe, the timing and extent of changes in prices for crude oil, natural gas, electricity and those relating to broadband services and content, the timing and effect of changes in interest rates, the timing and success of Enron's efforts to develop domestic and international power, pipeline, communications, internet- related and other infrastructure projects, and conditions of the capital markets and equity markets during the periods covered by the forward looking statements.  Contact: Gary Foster of Enron Corp., 713-853-4527.  SOURCE: Enron Corp. 
 In case you are looking for value stocks to evaluate, this is the list of stocks in my "value" portfolio:  Baxter Intl  BAX Blockbuster  BBI Circuit City CC Cognex Corp  CGNX Corning Inc  GLW Duke Energy  DUK Edison Intern EIX First Data Corp FDC I2 Technologies ITWO Internatl Paper IP KLA-Tencor  KMAG OM Group Inc OMP Scientific Atlanta  SFA Southwest Air LUV STMicroelctro STM United Parcel UPS  Idon't mean to recommend any of these - particualrly since the Smith Barney people have told me they have lost confidence in this particular manager and are looking for another one. 
 I have sent an analyst's report on Enron as an attachment to your msn address. 
 Thanks for the presentation - well done! 
 Yes - I actually read that first - I guess now we really have to make it work. <g> 
 Here is the Strike Price Election Notice letter I drafted for the Ormet transaction.  Please let me know if this works for you. 
 I have put it on my calendar. 
 I should be here.  Nella can set something up with Taffy.    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Canada Corp. 
 I don't see any problems.  It will become more challenging as we start thinking about trading. 
 Thanks for forwarding on the MSJ opinion.  Any objection to my sending it on to our US counsel (Sullivan & Cromwell) who are coordinating many of these issues for us? 
 In US financial trading (derivatives) we send the attachment each time, but it should only be 4 or 5 pages long.  This may be different in the physical trading world - I'll check into it. 
 It never ends. 
 Glad you liked them.  Yes, cats do seem to like to explore all sorts of spaces - grocery bags are always a good bet.  I remember Dusty, the cat we had in Bethesda, used to like to sleep at the foot of my bed - under the covers.  Go figure.  I'd be happy to send you acopy of the photo of me.  And yes again, the online platform mentioned in the analyst's report is the system I've spent so much time on over the last nine months or so.  It's kind of exciting to see a project in print like that but now it means we have to really make it work!  I received the package from MetLife on the Long-Term Care insurance.  I had a couple of questions which I called the company about (premiums, pre-tax vs. after tax, etc.) and would be happy to go over it with you.  Do you want me to send the stuff to you or should we just chart about it frst?  Love, Mark 
 FYI 
 II have tried to approve this through the Data Manager - not sure if it worked.  I know we must have been through this any number of times before but each time I read one of these I wonder how we are supposed to figure out the Notional Quantity.  It says "calculated from the volume submitted by Counterparty on the website" but how do we know how to calculate it?  Where does it say whether that number is a daily or monthly number?  Gallons or Barrels?  I remain confused. 
 My comments/suggestions below in red. As always, I'm happy to discuss. 
 Thank you very much - can I get a copy of the Risk article?  The BIS numbers unfortunately do not distinguish which of the commodity numbers are applicable to energy, and worse yet they include only numbers from reporting banks.  In the energy area a large proportion of the transactions are by non-bank institutions -this makes finding the numbers much harder because companies like Enron are not required to publicly disclose their positions.  Hopefully the Risk article has some numbers but if you can find anything else specifically relating to the size of the energy derivatives markets that would be helpful. 
 Here's a draft of a termination letter.  I'd be happy to see what everyone thinks before we use it.  For instance, what tone are we aiming for?  If we want to be all legal and hard-nosed, I can throw in ETA section references, etc. or if we want to be softer we can emphasize other trading opportunities within Enron and possibly explain our reasons for the termination.  Let me know what you think. 
 Just a couple of comments and questions:  Is it appropriate to refer to these as "US" transactions since the prices are clearly from outside the US?  I recognize that ENA is the counterparty but I think this may be confusing to our customers.  The term Business Day should be capitalized (it's defined in the GTC) [but it's defined with reference to NY & Houston banks being open - does that work for pulp transactions?].  I'm not thrilled with the language for the last ten days of the contract period on the Pulpex description - is that what we use for current confirmations?  In the definition of the Index for the Finnish product, the word "relevent" should be deleted. 
 I glanced at the power product description (what I could see of it) - Is it definately a physical transaction?  where does the power get delivered?  If it really is physical, I'll need to get one of the power trading lawyers to look it over. 
 Here's one. 
 I have enlisted the assistance of Carol St. Clair to handle the ETA comments and negotiations.  I will be meeting with her this afternoon to go over the details of what we have been doing so far.  It would make sense for you to meet her at some point in the near future.  She is not a junior lawyer by any stretch and should be able to handle most issues that come up with minimal assistance.  In fact, as she becomes more familiar with EOL and its structure/issues generally, she will make a great back-up for me for all EOL issues. 
 There are about 15 - 20 pages you would probably want to see.  If that's not too many for you to receive I don't mind faxing it.  You can always call me from the office with the fax number when you're ready - I can even leave it with my assistant when I'm away from my desk in case you get her instead of me.  It's finally winter here, too.  Of course that's nothing compared to you guys - it might get down into the 30's at night and 40's in the daytime.  It's only really bad when it's that cold and it rains.  Brrrr.  It was probably pretty smart of Delta to send those planes to Cincinnati since as a hub they could probably get them on connecting flights to wherever they were originally headed more easily from there than anywhere else (of course a lot were probably headed to NYC and the flights there the next day must have been packed!).  Aside from a quick one-day trip to New York I haven't had to do any traveling lately - I'll probably be going to Portland in early March and Amsterdam mid-March.  I may try and get to South America sometime in February but nothing is scheduled yet.  Love, Mark 
 Sorry for the delay - our general policy is (and the first response to this type of question should be) that , due to system requirements, it is not possible to provide for different online contracts for different counterparties.  Having said that, in the few cases where a counterparty has raised what we consider to be valid and material concerns, we have agreed to a side letter agreement with that particular counterparty to vary the terms of the ETA.  So if the counterparty resist the first response and threatens to not use the system for legal reasons, you should refer them to the legal department.  They can contact either Carol St. Clair (x33989) or me (x37459). 
 Any concerns? 
 Happy 1999 and welcome back.  Sorry to hear about your travel problems.  I know how much fun a night in the airport can be.  I'd be happy to talk about the US commodity laws at one of our group meetings.  I'm going to be in London the last week of this month - maybe we can set something up for then? 
 Yes, thanks - I think Tana is going to call to get some help interpreting the numbers. 
 Christian has not yet gotten back to me but I have asked him to check on the dates we discussed for early/mid March. 
 Do we know where J Aron wants us to settle the trade done from London?  If it is still settled by payment to New York, this one trade probably does not cause too much heartburn. (See the note from Steve Douglas in Tax next following.) 
 We have asked the EnronOnline team to send the Master User ID and Password to the person who signed the PA.  Our theory was that the signer presumably has the authority to bind the counterparty and understands that any holder of the password can also bind the counterparty.  If they want to give it to someone else, so be it.  But we should not be taking it upon ourselves to send the password to someone else unless we have conducted the same level of due diligence on that name as we have on the PA signer.  I was told we were not looking into the authority of the "nominated" Master Users inn any way but that we were taking some steps to verify the authority of the PA signers.  It just seemed safer to me to take this approach. 
 The package you sent arrived today.  I'll open it when I get home.  I sent the MetLife insurance materials by regular mail today. 
 These look ok to me but I think somebody who knows what they're talking about should look at them too. 
 Jeff:  Sorry for the delay - I'm still trying to track this down.  Obviously I don't know the answer right off and no one I've asked so far knows for sure (although those who know a little something about the area don't think it looks good).  I hope to have a final answer for you early next week.  Mark 
 How do these look to you? 
 You can ignore my previous e-mail. 
 My only concern is that the Floating Price is the Index for the Determination Period (which is a month) but the Index is a daily index.  Should we be taking the average for the month? 
 Mark Haedicke, Greg Whalley and I will be meeting with several people at the NYMEX on Friday morning.  It's possible (although not likely) that Dan Rappaport will attend one of the meetings.  I remember that we were very unhappy with his testimony earlier this year and I know we delivered that message to the NYMEX a couple of times.  What I'm not sure of is whether their testimony was toned down at all in subsequent hearings.  Are you aware of the content of the NYMEX testimony at those hearings and whether or not our complaints had been taken to heart when it was prepared?  I'm just wondering if there is anything we should bring up in our meetings if Rappaport does attend - either positive or negative.  I also heard just a few minutes ago that Mark H. had cancelled our trip to DC currently scheduled for 12/16 since he will be meeting with Commissioner Newsome tomorrow.  It might make sense to leave the December meeting on the calendar, though.  Seems to me the Enron message may get lost in the overall background noise of a big ISDA meeting.  Maybe I can come up alone and we can do a scaled down version of the originally scheduled meeting to get some solo time in the Commissioner's face.  What do you think? 
 The Thursday times look better for me. 
 That looks good to me. 
 Here's another one. 
 This may be one of the things we have to deal with in connection with the SA restructuring.  In the past it was easy enough to justify using Don's budget since in theory all of your work was for his benefit.  Now it isn't quite so clear.  I think we need to figure out exactly who you are supporting - is there a separate RC for Argentina trading? 
 I sent the web address of the address of the site we were talking about last week as part of another e-mail(1/27).  This is just to check and make sure you knew it was there and have been able to access the site. 
 The web site address is at the bottom. 
 Dear Schuyler:  It seems to me that you used to chair a seminar put on by the Euromoney people on swap documentation.  We used to send our new lawyers and more experienced paralegals to the introductory course and the more experienced lawyers to the advanced course.  It appears that Euromoney is no longer putting this on.  Are you doing something similar through another provider?  Mark Taylor 
 The system is certainly not set up to accommodate that now but we could probably draft around it on a case by case basis.  It strikes me that while we might be able to come up with a legal framework that would allow for this, the credit considerations are more problematic.  I would guess that the back office will also be unhappy about having to manually rearrange all of the trades.  This really seems like it is similar to the Aquilla problem in some respects.  When we suggested allowing one entity to trade for another, Credit was quite concerned because the system wouldn't be able to check the appropriate headroom.  I suppose Credit could just assign the lowest headroom for any of the eligible entities to the entire relationship - would  that be acceptable to everyone?  Another possibility is for the fund to set up a master trading entity which does the trades with us and then does back to back deals with whichever entities need the allocations.  That would let them do a large transaction on EOL and then smaller transactions with the other entities.  Of course, the master trading entity would need to qualify for credit on its own somehow.  Guarantees from anyone other than the owner would be difficult (upstream guarantee problems). 
 We met with the commercial team this afternoon and I was able to piece together the following:  Access to the auction site will be by clicking on a button on the EnronOnline (note spelling) trading page.  Most users of the site will already be signed up for EnronOnline - both a PA and ETA executed.  Other users will be given a user ID and password that give them "guest" access to EnronOnline and trading access to the auction page.  On the auction page the users may submit their offers to transact (either to buy or sell) with Enron.  The page will list a reserve price and identify the number of credits to be auctioned.  We are willing to commit to transact up to that number with the best bidders (at or beyond the reserve  price) but may transact larger volumes if we choose.  Users' offers may be submitted at any time during the auction period (this time frame remains a 