 Full Name: Jane Marie Tholt  Login ID:  jtholt  Extension:  35539  Office Location:  eb3209c  What type of computer do you have?  (Desktop,  Laptop,  Both)  desktop  Do you have a PDA?  If yes, what type do you have:   (None, IPAQ, Palm Pilot, Jornada)  no  Do you have permission to access anyone's Email/Calendar? no If yes, who?  Does anyone have permission to access your Email/Calendar?  no If yes, who?  Are you responsible for updating anyone else's address book?  no If yes, who?  Is anyone else responsible for updating your address book?  no If yes, who?  Do you have access to a shared calendar? If yes, which shared calendar?  west desk calendar  Do you have any Distribution Groups that Messaging maintains for you (for mass mailings)? If yes, please list here:  no  Please list all Notes databases applications that you currently use:  In our efforts to plan the exact date/time of your migration, we also will need to know: 
 CHANGED PRICE ON 3/8 TO 16.00 
 Guess I won't be getting any more roses from you since California is closing all of its greenhouses. 
 Jan- Sutherland 53453 
 you need to talk to someone in scheduling because I do not path gas. 
 Joe just told me the other day that he got the check.    I never saw it.  It came when I was out of town.  Tel your Mom -thank you.  Thanks for getting me the address.  I hope you have a great Christmas vacation. 
 it is 2.79 
 I show the fixed price of $4.78.Switched to GDA on the 10th. 
 Whoever wrote this did an excellent job 
 i HEA RYOU LOUD AND CLEAR. 
 PNM is incorrect.  The price is 4.86.  Tell them that the location of the gas is west texas pool and that we NEVER sell gas in the west texas pool based on a san juan gas daily price.  Once you tell them that they will realize that they are wrong. 
 PNM is incorrect.  The price is $4.86.  Tell them that this deal is for west texas pool gas and that we never sell west texas pool gas based on a san juan gas daily. 
 Friday was so perfect.  It snowed huge snow flakes.  Accumulation was just about 1/4 inch. The temperature was about 35 degrees and it wasn't windy-so it was just a great day to walk the streets and take in all the snow.  It just felt like Christmas.  We took a  carriage ride around Central Park and they dropped us off at Tavern on the Green for lunch.  Met one of my contacts at Prebon for lunch and he  paid for it. .  Good  thing because we were drinking mimosas at $10.00 a pop.  We saw two great plays-Aida and the Lion King.  Excellent. Actually, Aida may be the best broadway play I have ever seen.  The music was awesome.  Lion King had great special effects with all of the costumes. The people were dressed like animals and it was really cool.    Prebon got us tickets for that too-first row-center section-mezz. level.  In other words-perfect seats.  On Saturday, we mostly shopped during the day.  Deb bought herself a new David Yurman diamond ring  and red leathe coat. You can't believe the people that were shopping.  We went to FAO Schwartz early-9:00 a.m.-and at 3:00 the line was clear around the building to get in.  The large department stores were like that too-hoards of people. You could hardly walk down 5th avenue, it was so crowded.  I have never seen so many mink coats in my life.  Everyone had one on.  The hotel we stayed at was excellent.  It didn't have the view you did.  Nothing will ever match that.  But all three of us stayed in one room and the room was huge and nicely decorated.  All three of us were able to get ready in a span of one hour.  We ate at some good restaurants too.  The first night was this small Italian restaurant.  Very authentic.  They took good care of us.  The second night was Thai-food was excellent.  The third day was French.  YUM YUM.  We got out of town just in time.  We really lucked out.  I would go back agai n if the right opportunity came up. 
 I only buy  pool gas-Can you make it available at the appropriate pool. 
 Just a little heads up. It is going to be so cold in Omaha next week.  Will probably hit around Tuesday.  Expect highs below zero.for about a week.. Better get your chores done this week because you are not going to want to go outside next week..  Haven't seen it this cold since 1983.. Will encompass the entire country.  Gas prices going through the roof. 
 I received the gift yesterday.  It will look lovely with my leather coat at the theater-thanks 
 So you bought me a new winter coat for New York-Thanks-I ned it.  The card is adorable-how did you do it.  I love it. 
 Lucky you.  I think you should convince her that her house is too small for her and the kids. 
 TOO COOL 
 Just talk to   Mike on figures-why do you need them 
 NICE 
 no-they did not and Tori will be on vaction next Friday and Monday-would like it done by Wed.-Nov 29-Thanks 
 what type of flexiblity would we hav on teh Terrell plant gas?  Can we switch it daily or do we have to committ to either El Paso or  PGE at the start of the month? 
 Looking forward to meeting you in a couple of weeks. 
 Frank-we need to know if you have made any  arrangements for Mom Tholt's funeral.  Barb, Mike and Bob are flying nto Washington DC Dulles on Tuesday to tour the city.  Joe and I are flying in on Thursday at noon.  Everyone is leaving on Sunday. Bob and Us are leaving early Sunday morning.  So we will be driving back on Saturday night.  We are planning to stay together and rent cars together. Aunt Mary Agnes has offered to make hotel reservations for those days people who will be staying in DC.  Either Barb or Mike will make reservations for Pennsylvania.  We need to know if you would like us to include you in our reservations or if you plan on just meeting us there. There is only going to be  Mass on Saturday for Mom Tholt at 11:30 followed by lunch at Aunt Jean's.  Aunt Mary Agnes is suppose to be sending us money in the mail for plane reservations.  Please let us know as soon as possible, 
 Congratulations, I can tell you are very excited about this.  Speaking of digging, on Thursday, they had a crew in our neighborhood digging to lay fiber-optic cable,  they hit a sewer line and then the gas line and blew up 2 houses.  I walked over there yesterday,  one house is completely gone, the house next door is only half there and the houses across the street are all boarded up because they blew the windows out of it.  Such excitement.  Thank God no one was killed. 
 Per our phone converstion,  during the last couple of days I have been floating the US Gas West products and sorting by deal type.  However, I am getting products that are not west products .  For example, under "deal type-west basis", the following non-west products are appearing:  GD/D TrLA-Hub (nov 8-30); GD/D NGPL-Hu for No 8-30; and GD/D ANRLA-HUB (Nov 8-30), I 
 Did you get your house plans approved? 
 Do you know when you are flying into Pennsylvania.  It sounds like Barb, Cindy and Mike, might be going in on Monday or Tuesday to tour Washington DC.  Are you going to stay with relatives in PA or in a hotel. 
 no problem 
 we did not get it. Send it to the new email  jtholt @houston.rr.com 
 Thanks for the info-I will send him a card. 
 Thanks for the info on Lloyd's wife-I'll be sure to send him a card.  I'll see what's going on over Christmas-maybe Saturday we can have lunch.  Do you think Nebraska is going to be up for this week's game.  I bet it killed you not to be able to watch the game last week. 
 An analyst rate QWEST a buy today on CNN.   WHOOOPIE.  Hey -I'm coming to town for my grade school reunion  on Nov 17.  Leaving Sunday at 6:00 p.m. 
 I talked to your assistant and gave her my itinerary-but I don't know if she got your ticket.  I have a flight that leaves around 5:30 p.m. on Monday. We are staying at the Biltmore.  There attire is business casual.  I am wearing nice slacks and a sweater.  I told Ed we would meet him about 8:00 before the 8:30 meeting to make sure everything is working properly.  He is supplying the computer.  I was told that he only needed a high speed internet connection.  I also faxed him the info that is on Enron Online concerning what is needed regarding computer equipment.    I will give you more details on Monday regarding my flight and the address of the hotel.  Your assistent is out today so I don't know if she booked you on my flight or not.  I went through Travel Agency and  had them hold a reservation but not to ticket you..  Your secretary told me you do not like to use them so I left it in her hands. 
 Looked on Continental for prices on our flights.  Continental direct flight to Paris in April is about $880.  Same flight in March is $550.00 
 Thanks for the information.  Joe got a chuckle  last night when I told him that you tried his ketchup trick. 
 What do you think about this strategy?  Maybe we should have Deb call Marion and review the list of hotels where Enron has a corporate rate and ask her opinion regarding which ones she would recommend.  Maybe -at that point she would volunteer her flat? 
 RE: New York City Looks like we leave Houston at 1:15 and get to New York at 5:52. We leave New York at 3:00 and arrive Houston at 5:49.  The phone number at the Barbizon Hotel is 212-838-5700.  Enron has a corporate rate there.  Suppose to be $222.00 Deb- if you want to try to get your own room-be sure to ask for the Enron Corp rate.  RE:  Europe.  There are several hotels in London which are listed as giving Enron corporate rates -prices range from $69 to 215.  The Ritz is $180.  I show no discounts for hotels in Paris. 
 They tell me that having a high speed internet connection is essential for enron online (SDN-T).  That's the only latest info I have. 
 Can you tell me how Mom Tholt is doing?  Is she out of the hospital?  Is she going to Montana to stay with Mike and Judy? 
 we just got the animated cards-is that what you mean? 
 I received your memo-sounds like all we need is a high speed internet connection and that is it. 
 Ed  called me on the equipment.  I asked him if he could provide the computer.  I downloaded some inofrmation on EOL regarding technical questions which provides some of the requirements for EOL and sent them to him. Let me know if there is anything else he needs to provide.  I have talked to Julia's secretary and plane and hotel reservations have been reserved for Julie. 
 resent the fax-let me know if you get all the pages 
 I am coming in on a United Flight 7954 that leaves LA at 3:15 and arrives San Diego at 4:04.  Staying at theHyatt Islandia in Mission Bay.  Look forward to seeing you even if it is for a short time.  I'm leaving for Vail tomorrow afternoon-so if you have any questions I'll get back to you on Monday. 
 Just sent you some info over the fax-I willlet you know if we need anything else. 
 I think that Dave may have is facts wrong.  Joe talked to GRADY  yesterday and they have sold their house in Conroe and are buying a brand new one on Lake Conroe.  Some new Dream House.  Glad you are going to Vail- I'm on the flight that leaves at 11.45 on Wednesay. 
 This works-I will work on getting our equipment needs for you. 
 This date works for me so I will assume that Julie will be going.  I will work on flight  arrangements for Julie and I unless you think you might be going.  I need your help in determing what equipment needs we need.  Call me at 35539 or respond to this memo. 
 I f we get out of here early, I may run to Foley's.  I will leave you a voice mail or an e-mail to let you know.So be sure to check.  I was just messing withyou on the Evita.  I am going out to lunch with a customer today so I'm not going to be extremely hungery.  Maybe we just go to PF Chang's and I can have a lettuce wrap. 
 My broker called me this morning and asked me how I was doing and I told him again that I was coming to New York and he said no problem with getting tickets to Avita and the Lion King.  Easter next year is Sunday April 15. 
 Come by anytime after 10:00 on any day..  I will be on vacation on Thurs and Friday though. 
 let me know if I can do anything to help 
 Nat gas is at a discount with Enron stock at 83 and what's your stock price. Did I tell you the company is going to give us more stock options at the start of the year.  Oh-and we get free bus passes.  So not only do they provide me with free lunch every day-oh-did I  forget to mention that too.-but they pay for my transportation to work. 
 It works.  Frank told me that you were trying to get in touch with me .  I tried to send you something but it didn't work.  Did you meet your Uncle Joe last night .  He'll talk your ear off so watch out.  Let me know what's happening out there. 
 Forgot to tell you that Joe and I went to see the Jim Rome show when he was in Houston a couple of weeks ago .  It was pretty good.  Too bad you'll never see him in Omaha.  Guess what else?  We got a memo today that Enron is giving all of its employees a home  computer and will subsidize their internet connection.  Gift is part of their commitment to techonology.  Does your company do this with your telephones? 
 Enron North America is interested in purchasing 30000 mmbtu/day of WFS Milagro Plant Gas-Agreement to Agreement Transfer for the period November 1,2000-March 31,2001 at Inside FERC Blanco plus $.01.  Both parties must flow 100% of gas. 
 Are you going to Las Vegas today to see you mom or are you waiting to see if she gets better?  Can't get a hold of Barb on the cell phone. 
 Art Festival is week-end of Oct 14 and 15.  We're in. 
 I don't do tagg but I'll give to the appropriate person 
 can you do this-I don't how 
 My broker called and we are definitely in for Tina Turner.  He is waiting unitl the last week to give me the tickets so we get premo seats.  Have fun this week-end. 
 I switched deal number 341242 to a sale and deal number 341270 as a buy 
 I had a thought.  I wonder how far away Nancy Gardiner is from Vail because maybe we could go se her on Saturday or maybe we just want to take it easy in Vai and just relax.  Any thoughts. 
 Do not want to go to Vegas-been there too much already this year.  I am going to have a message in Co.  Good job on the fare-that's cheaper than mine.  If you want to stay at the RIOin Las Vegas-Southwest Gas has a cheap corporate rate that you can get-it's off the strip but it's nice. Every room is a sweat.  Just call and ask for it. 
 Sounds like a fun week-end.Hotel is  Vail Marriott Mountain Resort and Spa. I'll try to get an address and directions for you.Do you want a message, facial or both. 
 Tickets are free.   I don't think we'll need binoculars-seats are on floor. Enjoyed helping you over the week-end-that's what friends are for-at least where we came from.  The flowers you sent me are beautiful .. All of my favorites-gerber daisies and liliies.  You didn't  to do that with all of the furniture you gave me.  By the way-are your legs killing you.  My calves hurt like hell-think it's from going up and down the stairs barefoot on Saturday. I think your decorator was a little disappointed in all of the progress we made.-he probably thought you would want to hire help.  Can't believe he didn't say anything about all of the beautiful glas syou have.  Hey-we may want to thin about putting one of your big mirrors in your purple/black bedroom next to the TV hutch-nearthat corner instead of in the purple/green room. 
 Got the tickets today for Faith Hill-mark your calendar for Oct 13-starts at 8:00   Tina Turner is Sunda7-Oct. 29 
 that works 
 Need to narrow down timing of their notification-sounds like they can call us one day prior to noms due-that's too late to try to manage financially. 
 are you talking actual flows or what wAS NOMINATED 
 This was an EOL deal and EOL only trades in increments of 5000 so Zarin is not correct per our records. 
 I will let Joe know that you received his care package.  He will be very happy.  When I get my pictures developed, I'll send you any good ones that may have turned out.  It's O.K. to give Julie my e-mail address.  I would love to communicate with her.   Take care. 
 i switched the price on that deal and on 341270-they were reversed 
 Do we need to carify the max daily quantity on which the demand charge is assessed  reflects usage and not nominations.  Just don't want to be in a position where we must do make-up and have to nom more than 20000. 
 This is O.K as long as we get a daily estimate of usage around 8:30 C.T. and access to actuals within two business days. 
 Norm was somewhat prophetic when he kept talking about the "big hole in his pipe" that was going to occur if we went to rankings-little did he know-can't blame this one on rankings 
 You're not going to believe this.  I talked to Amoco and they confirmed that I did the deal with them but they said thawe should just pay Agave Energy because tit's a complicated internal deal.  So we are both right..  I only wished Amoco would have told me ahead of time.  Bottom line- pay Agave Energy and not Amoco 
 I am getting your critical notices but when I click on it, I can't get access to what it says.  Is this a problem on your side or on my side. 
 this is a joke 
 Looks good to me.  Thanks. 
 Please give us the names of the wines she likes when you have time. 
 San Juan Blanco  May-Dec 2001-5000 /day  +.02 Calendar 2002:  4800/day  +.0225 Calendar 2003 500/day +.0225 Calendar 2004 175/day +.0225 Calenar 2005 250/day +.0225  Permian Basin/Keystone  Calendar 2003 1300 /day +.03 Calendar 2004  +.03 Calendar 2005  +.03 Calendar 2006  +.03 Calendar 2007 +.03 Caelndar 2008 +.03 Calendar 2009 +.03 Calendar 2010 +.03  PGE Citygate  June 2001-Oct 2001+.12 Nov 2001-Mar 2002 +.14 Calendar 2003 +.12 Calendar 2004 +.11 Calendar 2005 +.09 Calendar 2006 +.07 Calendar 2007 +.06 Calendar 2008 +.06 Calendar 2009 +.06 Calendar 2010 +.06 Jan 2011-Mar 2011 +.06  Socal Border-non Wheeler Ridge  Cal  Year 2006-2010  +.08 
 Please give me any concerns you have with this by the end if the day-otherwise I am recommending adopting this proposal 
 I do not track volumes but I will forward this to our scheduling group-Patti Sullivan 
 We are trying to think of something nice to send to Patti to show her our appreciation for her hard work.  I was thinking of a gift basket from SPECS with some nice wine.  Can you tell me what kind of wine she likes or suggest another alternative for a gift that she may enjoy.  Thanks. 
 email address  is jane.m.tholt@enron.com pager is 8005060869 I trade the west desk 
 no-I wanted my machine to make a sound every time someone traded on EOL but instead it's hooked up to my keyboard so that when I type the keyboard makes sounds instead. 
 Please add me to the critical notices for Transwestern and El Paso Pipeline(s) as soon as possible.  If you have any questions , please call me at 35539. 
 The sound card does not work on my eol machine-it works on the keyboard supporting eol which is opposite of what I want.  I want the screen to ding every time someone trades on eol.  I don't want to listen to my self type in deals on the keyboard.  My Enron computer system works fine right now.  If you could handle getting the eol problem fixed I would appreciate it. 
 Southwest Gas currently views Enron Online but is afraid to transact physical volumes on it because they are afraid the payment terms on Enron Online are different than non-EOL trades.  They stated that they reveiwed the EOL contract and that it does not address payment.  I told them that the payment terms do not differ but they are asking for something in writing.  Can you send them something. 
 How come it doesn't work on my eol machine? 
 We did two deals that day we bought 4.70 and sold them 4.67-same volume 
 this afternoon-any time 
 yes we are going 
 My husband and his friends want me to inquire more about your fishing lodge and prices.  A bunch of them turn 50 next year and are thinking of going on a fishing trip.  Can you give me any more information on prices and availiablity for next year.  Please advise what is included in the price and where we  need to fly into.  If you have any brochures, canyou send them to me at Jane Tholt, 7502 Highland Farms Rd., Houston, TX 77095  .  Hope you have a great day and it was great seeing you. 
 they are precious-he is a cutie for being only a couple of weeks old-thanks for sending me these 
 If it is not too late I would like to put on hold my request to add Barrett Resources to the EOL Product for El Paso Blanco Average. I made the request yesterday so hopefully I am not toolate. Upon discussing the product with Barrett, I do not think this would be a good idea to add them at the present time.  I willkeep you advised.  Thank you for your patience. 
 The pictures came through the second time.  Hey-did you get my gift basket. 
 Please add Barreet Resources as an eligible party to trade the product US Gas Physical-non-Texas Points-Restricted for El Paso Physical Blanco  l Average. Please advise if you have any questions. 
 Joe and I would love to attend the bowling party.  We would like to have prawns for dinner.  We are arriving on Friday at 1:30 so we shouldn't have a problem being there.  Does Joe need to being his suit for Saturday night? 
 pictures never came thru-please try again 
 Ok to book for me and my husband, Joseph.  I was issued a new corporate American Express card.  Same number with expiration date of  3/03.  If you need any more info, please advise.   Otherwise, I will assume you will book the two tickets.  Thank you. 
 San Diego is correct we sold them  24000 mmbtu of gas at 4.67 
 Meeting was cancelled and never took place. 
 jtholtski1122 highland  Also,  Ican't find any of my bookmarks on internet explorer.  Where do I find them? 
 Below is a summary of the discussions last week regarding the complaint against El Paso for oversubscribing the Socal Topock Point.  The meeting started out by summarizing the dollar impact of the Border cuts to Amoco and Burlington of $3 million dollars and the additional fuel costs of $15 million that they have incurred when the mainline fuel was reduced and the gathering fuel was increased.  Accordingly, producers are seeking a minimum of $17  million in compensation in some form or  another.  The biggest concern is that a total of 1.2 bcf/day is being nominated at the Socal Topock which can only deliver 540000 mmbtu/day.   Socal Gas stated that this problem should go away when there system becomes unbundled (referred to as Gatekeeper)..  The proceeding is currently pending CPUC approval and could be implemented as early as October 1, 2001.  When the Gatekeeper is implemented  , only 540000 mmbtu/day will be accepted at the Socal Topock border and must match up with the intra-state transport.  SoCal Gas suggested taking the 1.2 bcf/day of nominations at the Topock delivery point and divide it up based on the original intent of the capapcity-  400 to Mohave; 540 to Socal Topock;  and 180 to PGE Topock.  They also stated they would accept less than 540 at Topock but  needed a minimum of 300 to meet core needs.  However, they wanted some type of compensation if their volume was reduced.   They also agreed to live with the status quo until the Gatekeeper was implemented.  This would result in firm rights being established at Socal Topock based on downstream rights.  Williams owns Block 3 capacity and is willing to look at a CD reduction or a reduced take requirement or use of alternate points with a rate adjustment.  After much discussion,  El Paso came back with the following counter proposal:  Recommended interim solution until Socal Gatekeeper implemented.  Does not relate to receipt point rights.  1)  Block 1 Capacity will always be alternate to Socal Topock (198000);  2)Block II Capacity can not be sold at PGE Topock (614000)  3) Amoco and OneOk each have a contract 45000/d which can go to Topock or Ehrenberg.  It is recommended that they give up their Ehrenberg right and keep Topock right and Socal will give up like amount at Topock as well as shift an additional  70000 mmbtu/day from Topock to Ehrenberg resulting in approx. 115000 being shifted  to Ehrenberg.  4) Rights fro expansion shippers would be carved up as follows:  Socal Topock   PGE/Mohave Topock Texaco   40    135 Burlington  26    74 Aero   5    15 Borax   7    12 LADWP  0    36 SWGas   0    20  5) Socal Topock would now be divided as follows:  Expansion Shippers  78000 Socal Gas           425000 BLK 3                               348000 (25-Amoco;20-Oneok;99-Williams;189 El Paso Merchant;15-Wlliams) Total 851000 540 divided by 841 would result in 37 percent cuts or 63 percent thruput.  The producers were not happy with having to live with 37 percent cuts and felt that any transport sold after their Sept 28 complaint should be cut off the top which would be El Paso merchant services Blk 3.  Separate meetings were then held amongst the Topock shippers to duscuss El Paso's counter -proposal.  Producer group came back and told El Paso that they want the 63 percent thruput increased.  Will accept CD reduction, rate design change or other forms of compensation.   For  the recommended volumes moved to Mohave/Pge Topock, they would consider a 30 percent reduction in CD demand as well as converting that path to a 100 volumetric rate.  In other words, if the producers used the delivery point, they would pay max rate.  If they did not, they would not pay anything.  Block 3 shippers would agree to reduce deliveries to Socal Topock if their deals were converted to an agreed upon load factor-maybe 70 percent.  For volumes shifted to non-Socal Points , they also want a 100 percent volumetric rate.  Bottom-line is  how much dollars is El Paso willing to pay to resolve this case.  Each party is requested to submit a proposal to El Paso and they will study  its entirety.  No follow-up meeting was scheduled.  Another topic that was also being discussed at the meeting was the perceived gaming on the system by the full-requirements customers-ie nominating more gas than they need in anticipation of cuts.  It is thought that if this could be controlled there may be more certainty in the san juan regarding flows. El Paso recommended the following :  Limit noms on Cycle 1 from San Juan based on previous day's  total nom from all basins.   No limits on Cycle 2-4.  This caused some concerns because of week-end load swings andfluctuatingpower-plant loads.  However, eoc's were willing to establish a technical committee to work on a formula if theSocal Topock point gets resolved.  Regarding pooling, El Paso is proposing to add 8 additional pools in the keystone and 3 additonal pools in the san juan and 1 additional pool in the bondad.  This process is in its early stages of conflict.  Most people (Duke, Southern, Williams, Coral)  are not on board with this.  I will keep you advised of development.  Please advise if you have any questions. 
 What am I suppose to do?  I don't trade barrels of crude and is the dispute regarding the price of crude on certain days or what?  I think this is an old del that Fred Lagrasta did. 
 Why are you sending this to me? 
 Since I do not track actual volume flows , you probably can contact Morgan at ext 36406.  She handles border flows. 
 When are we going to lunch in your new car? 
 I just received the shirts this morning.  They are perfect.  It's a pleasure doing business with you. 
 that is amazing 
 I don't think I do but thanks anyway. 
 It's not looking good to come visit you this summer.  Deb is moving into her new house sometime during th end of July and then she promised to take her nieces and nephews on vacation sometime this summer.  I think we are going to try for next spring or summer to come visit you if the offer is still open.. Sorry- I'm sure you are disappointed.  However, if something changes, we will let you know. 
 Us girls have talked about visiting you but just couldn't agree on a date. Joe and I just got back from a vacation in Banff, Canada with Jackie and Dannie.  We had a wonderful time.  We did some major hiking there.  It was so relaxing.  We had no t.v. or phone for a week.  We're going to Montana over Labor Day week-end for Joe's niece's wedding.  Can't believe Joe and I are taking 2 vacatins this year.  Regarding logistically getting to your ranch, is it possible to fly into Colorado Springs or do we need to fly into Denver?  We would love to come visit you if we can agree on a date because I love to hike. 
 Becky-  If Burlington and Amoco have the right to turn back east end transport-ENA would like to be included in that group regarding turning back our Havasou transport. 
 Sorry , I have not given you feedback earlier but I've been on vacation. Randy continues to do an excellent job.  He anticipates questions and usually has the answers.  He is a very dedicated employee and continues to expand on his knowledge base.  He has helped the traders trade the permian and waha points on a daily basis and such commercial experience has proven to be very valuable regarding looking for alternatives to move gas.  The only area for improvement that I might suggest would be to challenge others or state his opinion if he has a different opinion from others rather than not say anything or go along with the status quo.  He tends to want to be nonconfrontational which is not a bad thing but this is a tough environment and he could get run over if he does not state his opinion. 
 EB3209C 
 frott recline is really a foot recline and thanks for keeping me up to date with the happenings in your life. 
 Been pretty busy these last couple of weeks.  Couple of weeks ago I had to go to Los Angeles on short notice.  Accordingly, paid full price and got in first class.  It must have been a new plane because the first class section was huge.  I sat in a chair that was like a lazy boy chair-it had a fott recline and everything.  Also had my own pop up TV and could watch  my choice of 4 movies.  It was truly awesome.  Can't believe what  a small world it is. Went to lobby to get somebreakfast and Patrick Brown was there-ended up having breakfast with him and some ohter Sempra folks.Then I had to go to Vegas a couple of weeks ago.  Stayed at the new Alladin Hotel.  They upgraded me to a suite.  Another great experience. Bathroom was huge.  Big marble shower and  a  big tub that overlooked the skyline.  Bedroom area and sitting area were nice too.  Shame I was only there one night.  Last week was Gas Fair.  Lots of lunches and dinners. There are a lot of new restaurants downtown that we tried out.  Yum-yum. The weather was perfect. .  Cheri and I went to the spa and had a relaxing afternoon on the last day. She looks great.  She said you saw her picture of Matthew. He's a cutie. Parks was a t dinner one night-he hasn't changed-still nice as ever.  Had a lot of fun with Frank Fields too- he hasn't changed a bit .David Livingston was there.  He works for Cinergy but is doing east coast stuff-thank God. Our retail group  just hired Joe Deschamps and Chris Shireman-remember them? I bet Joe won't be there by the end of the year-I think he just wanted someone to pay for his way back to Houston.  Just found out that Bob Shiring went to work for Pan Canadian doing east coast stuff.  Joe's brother was in town this week-end from Montana.  He picked him up in San Antonio so we had them all week-end .  Went down to Kemah to watch the boats- we went there with Griff that one time.  Boy has it changed.  Tons more stuff to do -especially for the kids.  I'm just sick over my tax bill this year.  I exercised a ton of my options-and boy am I paying for it.  I was planning on  maybe paying $25000 but I am having to pay $47000.  Will probably be that way next year too. Just sucks that the government takes so much.  I know I'm probably not getting much sympathy from you but I can try.  Can't believe there was another shooting in your area last week.  Bet you are glad your kids are almost out of school.  Can't understand how these kids have access to all of these guns.  It's scary.  Deb and I had lunch with Julia.   She's gone from Enron now.  She did not give us any more details about her marriage other than she got married out of town and in am place that made it difficult to track marriage l icense.  Her family still does not know she is married.  She is being really strange about this whole thing. She qwon't acknowledge to anyone that she is married.  I've given up on her.  She is almost as strange as you at times.  Luckily I have not given up on you .  Going to Grand Cayman Islands on Thursday-plan on feeding the stingrays on Friday-will tell you all about it.  Tell me why you are too busy to fill me in on what is happenign in your life. 
 Hi Robert    Enron North America is interested in  purchasing 1200 mmbtu/day  El Paso Poker Lake-Waha  pool gas for April-October 2001 on a firm basis at Inside FERC El Paso Keystone  Index +.0025.  Please call me if you have any questions. 
 I thought your hair was naturally blonde 
 I di d not do any deals with Roger for that time frame.  You need to find out who he talked to. 
 he's got your blonde hair 
 The price in deal manager is correct at minus $1.00 Sound like their is a problem with sitara if it is not calaculating the price correctly 
 DO NOT PAY-THIS WAS THEIR NOMINATION ERROR 
 the attachment did not come thru 
 Enron North America is interested in purchasing natural gas from Phillips Petroleum Company under the following terms and conditions:   Service Level:  All volumes will be firm.  Buyer must flow 100% of purchased volumes.  If Phillips is not satisfied with Buyer's flow performance, Phillips may cut any or all gas during the month of f low, and may terminate all remaining months of contracted volume upon 15 days written notice to Buyer.  Tier 1 WFS Milagro Plant: (WFS Agreement-Agreement Transfer):  10000 mmbtu/day Price:  Inside FERC El Paso San Juan Index minus $.09.  Tier 2 WFS Milagro Plant (WFS Agreement-Agreement Transfer):  25000 mmbtu/day Price:  Inside FERC Northwest Rockies Index plus $.09  El Paso Natural Gas Company San Juan Blanco Pool:  40000 mmbtu/day Price:  Inside FERC Northwest Rockies Index plus $.09  WFS Ignacio Plant (WFS Agreement-Agreement  Transfer):  30000 mmtu/day Price:  Inside FERC Northwest Rockies Index minus $.04.   Special Terms and Conditions:  Buyer and Seller may mutually agree to convert any portion of the contracted volume to a fixed price or to a Gas Daily. Conversion to Gas Daily can occur no later than NX3.  If no price conversion takes place, the gas will be sold at the agreed upon index price or default price.  ENA is not interested in trigger deals based upon partial flows.  Please call if you have any questions regarding this matter. 
 This is the last month for the PNM Ignacio Plant deal.  ENA has decided not to extend the deal at their price. 
 Enron North America is interested in selling natural gas to  PNM Gas Services on a firm basis under the following terms and conditions:   Term:  April 1, 2001- March 31, 2002  Contract Price:  I.F. El Paso San Juan Basin less $.09  Firm Daily Quantitiy:  10000 mmbtu/day   Delivery Point(s):  Delivered to PNMGS at the tailgate of the Williams Field Serives Ignacio Plant into Transwestern at Ignacio Plant;at the TW Blanco Hub ; at WFS Kutz Plant into PNMGS; Milagro Plant into  Blanco Hub; or any other mutually agreeable pointsinto PNMGS.  Special Conditions:  ENA will selelct, nominate, and deliver the firm daily quantity at any of the Delivery Point(s).  ENA will notify PNM no later than 3:30 p.m. M.T. one day prior to gas flow day (Cycle 2) of the selected Delivery Point(s). 
 I want to penalize them for the volumes they are not taking on the trigger deal.  I know they are not going to pay but I still want to bill them anyway.  So- is the SW gas contract a one-way contract.  we are bound by their terms but they are not. 
 Looks good. Please book this.  Thank you. 
 DO NOT PAY PENALTY 
 why can't we use their contract to bill penalties 
 take that back price is 17.10 
 I show 17.00 
 Thank you-that was sweet. 
 Thank you for the inof town guests in .vitation but I have out 
 look at sitara 588471;588452;588605;596991 
 don't we have a gisb sontract with them that this would fall under 
 not sure how to handle- can you do for me 
 aol adress at home is jtholt1122@aol.com.  We are going to buy a camera-I'll let you know when we get it.  Joe is going to deliver some of Grady's cars to his new house.  I told him to take pictures for us. 
 eb3209c 
 I'm assuming you are referring to the penalty invoice at the California Border.  That was a 30 day firm deal.  There is no GIC associated with that deal. 
 I also want to bill them for penalties for non-performance at PGE Topock on February 1. 
 DO NOT PAY 
 both deals were done at gda 
 Misplaced the cover sheet but they basically said that the baseload deal fell under an interruptilbe contract and was not subject ot damanges.  Laurie Ellis has a copy. 
 This is an old deal that was done in Fred Lagrosta'group-think it is a btu swap 
 GICS are negotiated 
 Cindy needed the money to pay for her new fully furnished house in the Woodlands.  not to mention the 55 acres she just bought across the road from her house in Aspen.  I only need enough to pay off my measley mortgage,  I have cashed in on most of my options though. 
 are you set up on aol instant messenger.  I got my new computer at home from Enron and I use that to talk back and forth with some of my freinds..  If you are set up  let me know., You and Joe could  talk on it all night long. 
 Need to know if what they say is true on there protest to invoice.  Do we only have an interruptible contract with them. 
 whichever one is active-scana energy-too many choices to pick from-counterparty list needs to be cleaned up.  Go ahead and change it. 
 Do we have a gisb contract with them 
 I received the fax.  Can you send them a firm contract because we I don't think we are going to do business with them unless they sign it 
 Fax Number is 7136463239.  What do you mean by protesting-Are they not paying. are they paying some but not all. 
 Happy Valentine's Day to you as well. 
 You think it's nice now-wait until the next big storm moves in  next week. Socal storage at 18 bcf.  Curtailments will probably happen. 90% rule in effect. Palo Verde went down.  San Onfre down for a long time. 
 changed it to Inside Ferc 
 LITTLE CHILLY IN SAN DIEGO.   SOCAL STORAGE AT 24 BCF-CURRENT WITHDRAWAL RATE IS 1 BCF DAY.  SUPPOSE TO REMAIN COLD FOR THE REMAINDER OF MONTH.   WORSE YET-A NUCLEAR PLANT WAS SUPPOSE TO COME BACK BUT THEY HAD A FIRE AT SAN ONOFRE-OUT FOR AWHILE.  BETTER BUY YOURSELF SOME BLANKETS. 
 thank you for your efforts regarding this matter 
 I wanted to share with you the growth in gas demand for electric generation over the past cuple of years in California.  Maybe I can make a believer out of you.   Res. Elec. Other Total Jan 99 3.16 .84 2.83 6.82 Jan00 2.80 1.21 2.87 6.87 Jan01 3.05 2.22 2.57 7.84  Feb 99 3.07 .80 2.69 6.56 Feb00 2.72 1.22 2.72 6.65 Feb012.80 2.22 2.42 7.44  Mar99 3.08 .75 2.42 6.25 Mar00 2.65 .98 2.48 6.12 Mar 012.67 2.03 2.18 6.88    Also just wanted to thank you for being so honest with me the other day.  I know it was difficult and I am sorry that  I never made it easy on you to express your true thoughts.  Maybe I just chose to ignore them for my own selfish reasons. 
 I want the penalty billed and let them challenge it. 
 I got the pictures.  He is precious.  I can see why you are so happy and want to stay home with him. 
 Gas daily plus $.15-make sure legal approves 
 This is not going to get resolved.  They disagree with our view and are not going to pay on scheduled volumes.  However, we are not going back off our view and will continue to bill based on scheduled volumes. 
 yes -if that's what the contract says 
 this was a regular 30 day deal. 
 I'm not sure what contract this falls under. Our contract says that if buyer does not schedule then buyer will pay  replacement price differential plus $.15.  Rpalcement price differnetial would be gas daily which was around 16.80 on that day. 
 Sale is based on IF 
 triggers are based upon scheduled volume-they are not going to agree-I know 
 price on the 7th was 9.55 I don't understand the trigger question.  We need to get the back-up on the penalty.  Patti needs to give you info regarding a penalty we wanto tocharge them for February.  Please get with her ondetails. 
 No equipment was installed.  It is under my desk waiting for arms to be installed above my other monitor.  What is the status of getting these arms 
 Call me when you can make room for me in your schedule. 
 I am still waiting for this to be instaled. What's the hold-up? 
 thank you 
 Thank you.  Congratulations. 
 http://www.socalgas.com/residential/billpay/monthly/price.html 
 Mark Hawkins with Mercado Gas called and said that he would like to pay us for this gas but does not know who to call for the invoice.. Please have someone call him at 512-370-8225. 
 yes-we received our allocation  last week. 
 Thank you.  They look really cool. 
 We have not turned the capacity back and I think it's a good idea if we can get a ruling . 
 I'm comng to town on Sat urday night  Feb 3 (Sat) and  leaving Feb 5th (mon).  I have to leave San Diego on Monday afternoon to meet with Socal that night.  I have to come in on the week-end because air-fares are horrible without  a Saturday night stay and I'd rather stay the week-end in San Diego.  If you have any time on Sunday or can meet me on Monday  for breakfast or lunch let me know.  I haven't finalized anything with Larry yet but I plan on meeting him for breakfast or lunch on Monday but I want to check with you  first. 
 Did you see pacific ga sna delectric ' stock today? 
 Thank you for advising me of this issue.  When you get back-up , please forward to Patti Sullivan.  We are going to work on charging them some penalties for a differnet month to help offset this. 
 I currently trade on the west desk gas desk and would like to get access to the westpower.enron.com website.  Phillip Allen thought that maybe you could help me.  Please advise.  Thank you. 
 Deb and I were thinking that if we can't finalize our Europe trip by the end of this week-we probably need to postpone it because the clock is ticking. . Can you give us any feedback on your discussions with  American Express or Mark Frevert..  Thinking about you. 
 long term forecast does not show it warming up either 
 can't wait 
 Mark Hawkins with Mercado Gas called and said that he would like to pay us for this gas but does not know who to call for the invoice.. Please have someone call him at 512-370-8225. 
 Where did you sleep l ast night.  By theway, Brad does not want the couch. 
 Phone Number is 713-345-4154.  What number should I try to call you at if we have trouble connencting? 
 can you give me an idea of the locations for the gas- I was only trading blanco at the time. The 4.70 price looks like it's at a different location 
 We aslo want to add the California delivery points as receipts points with a potential interruptible back-haul rate to the EOC delivery points. 
 I was thinking that may be we should ask El Paso to furnish aver. daily volumes that were scheduled as receipts into El Paso' system from the proposed 20 pools from Jan 1- Aug 31 of this year to get an indication of whether there is any gas behind these pools.  What do you think? 
 let's ask for it by month.  In talking to Socal Gas, they suggested that we ask the question and explain why we are asking so that the FERC  staff understnads why.  Should we ask the question and then say that this information is needed to determine if actual supplies exist behind the proposed pools since the allocations are being made based on design capapcity and not actual gas. 
 They should be able to track by each of the meter numbers of the individual points that make up the pools . I think they are going to make upsome excuse not top provide data because it's going t oshow that gas was not received into their system. 
 CHANGED PRICE ON 3/8 TO 16.00 
 Why is it taking almost 2 years to  verify this price.   I do not have my records back that far. 
 looks good-thank you.  Feel free to add any others you think might be helpful.  Should we ask  , absent periods of maintenance,how many times contraints exsited within these pools upstream of Cornudas and Window Rocks. 
 iIHAVE FORWARDED YOUR REQUEST TO    KIM WARD  713-853-0685. 
  Becky call me on this.  I want them to know that we are willing to turn back the capapcity and put in the numbers and they can share the numbers.  We just don't want them to name Enron. 
 she does origination on the desk 
 Ok -good .  Thanks 
 When you have time, can you get me the phone number of Mark Frevert's flat in London and the name and phone number of the hotel in Paris that we will be staying -in case an emergency arises and I need to be reached.  Thank you.  Looking forward to the trip. 
 3461176 
 i HEA RYOU LOUD AND CLEAR. 
 EES did but I am not sure if they still do.  Talk to Chris Shireman with EES. 
 Who are you talking to at Socal.  The deal was for July imbalance which was traded at the end of August.  Maybe they are confused.  Tell them to talk to Steve Baird. 
 I will tell Steve to contact her as well. Thank you. 
 Matt Smith  is now responsible for Socal imbalance trading- 
 Just talk to   Mike on figures-why do you need them 
 Ann Bike and Elizabeth Hernandez were suppose to handle the booking of this deal.  It is a real deal.  ENA is paying a 5 cent demand charge on 310000 for the opton to park gas in March and take out in August/.  Please contact Ann Bike for the sitara dealnumber. 
  I am not going in October-I will probably go in December 
 too bad we can't put something in the Copperfield newsletter 
  This is a copy of our discussion  today.  Hopefullly, it will be a starting point for you 
 Attached are the key issues surrounding the El Paso case and ENA's position on each issue..  We currently are drafting comments based on our position which will be due at the FERC on October 14.  Such comments will support an immediate request by EPNG for turnback of capacity. 
 The phone in the conference room will only allow 2 people to conference in.l.  Accordingly, that means that Jeff and Leslie have priority to such lines since they are out of town..  Anyone interested in attending the meeting can come to EB 3267.  The phone number is 713-345-4154. 
 we did not get it. Send it to the new email  jtholt @houston.rr.com 
  I do not run any rpoducts;I'm only backup 
  I sometimes talk to Bill Bolch regarding glow issues or discounts. 
 Call me for lunch-maybe we can go on Friday or on Monday 
 we just got the animated cards-is that what you mean? 
 please be sure to put me on your distribution list for the west pricing sheet 
 I know you were kidding 
 I have received my world com card. 
 I want the deep tissue massage. Thank you. 
 I was talking to one of my customers yesterday, and they said that Southern California Gas Co. recently made a filing to revive unbundling of their system.  Can you tell me if that is true .  Also can you tell me what the status is regarding Socal Gas purchasing natural gas for the  needs of SDGE's customers.  My customers tell me that is probably going to happen as well. 
 I forwarded it to our well-head specialist Nelson Ferrious.  Thank you. 
 I did not see this.  Thank you.  I think they did a very good job in their comments. 
 Come by anytime after 10:00 on any day..  I will be on vacation on Thurs and Friday though. 
 I am traveling on Wednesday so I willnot be able to attend the meeting 
 Thank you for the invitation but I already have other obl