 unsubscribe TX-INDUSTRIAL-INFO-RES 
 http://resources.hewitt.com/enron/ 
  12:24 16Aug2001 RSF-Canada blisters under "year with too much summer"  By Kanina Holmes WINNIPEG, Manitoba, Aug 16 (Reuters) - Canadians, sometimes divided by regional differences, economic disparities or linguistic snits, find themselves united this summer by an uncomfortable phenomenon -- a national drought. From Atlantic to Pacific, from the Arctic to the U.S. border, most of the world's second-largest country has been sweating through weeks of blistering heat that experts say could end up being the worst drought in decades. "In many ways, this drought is the same tune that's being played right across the country. It's a different look, different season and different impact, but nevertheless, everybody has a water shortage problem in many parts of the country," said David Phillips, a senior climatologist with Environment Canada. Whether it's fires raging in the forests of British Columbia and Quebec, barren Prairie plains or harsh restrictions on water usage in Ontario, many will remember the summer of 2001. "It'll be memorable for the wrong reasons I think. Too much excess and not enough normal," said Phillips. In parts of British Columbia, water management officials say the tinderbox conditions are largely the result of last winter's record low snowfall in the mountains. "We've had normal summer in terms of rain. But we knew back in March with the low snowpack that if we had a normal summer we were going to be in trouble," said Jim Mattison, Water Management Director for B.C's Bureau of Sustainable Resources. But the devastation is most apparent in Canada's breadbasket, the Prairies. Many farmers, especially in southern Alberta and Saskatchewan, have already written off their crops. "I've been here since '63. I have never in my life, ever, seen anything like this," Norman Stienwand, a farmer in Castor, Alberta, told Reuters. "IT'S BEYOND YOUR IMAGINATION" "There's no water. The grasshoppers are so bad. It's beyond your imagination," said Stienwand who farms 1,080 hectares (2,700 acres) of grains and oilseeds and also raises beef cattle. It has been so sweltering in his region, located about 160 km (100 miles) west of the Saskatchewan border, that some of Stienwand's farm machinery caught fire this week as he tried to bale a meager barley crop into hay for his livestock. "It's just going to destroy a lot of farmers. They're just not going to come out of it," he said. In June, the Alberta government declared a drought disaster to trigger emergency aid to livestock farmers struggling to feed and water their herds, and, as many of the withered and patchy crops are harvested, many analysts are already anticipating sharp reductions in yields and quality. Last week, the Canadian Wheat Board, the marketer of western Canada's wheat, durum and barley crops, forecast a 10 to 15 percent decline in exports. In Ontario, Canada's most populous province, prime agricultural areas have received only about 15 percent of the precipitation they would normally see. "You wouldn't be able to fill a sardine can with the rain they've got since the twenty-second of June," said Phillips. The drought has created ideal conditions for billions of Asian aphids to infest Ontario's soybean crop. "I drive by and actually now I just shut my eyes and pretend I don't see it. It's just really, really, really dry," said Debbie Yuck, a farmer who lives near Ottawa and who has watched her corn whither and yellow over the past few weeks. "When they come on (the radio) every morning and say it's a beautiful sunny day, great to be at the cottage, I think a beautiful day would a good downpour for about 16 hours," said Yuck. Canada's largest city, Toronto, has experienced a record number of days with health alerts because of the heat and smog, with temperatures soaring as high as 37 C (99 F). Some Ontario residents now face fines for watering their yards. An Ontario woman was recently charged for dropping incendiary material near a forest after she threw her lit cigarette butt on a road in front of a police officer. "THE YEAR WITH TOO MUCH SUMMER" "I wish I could come up with a word that would describe the misery and the hardship that urban and rural folk are feeling," said Phillips, a senior climatologist with Environment Canada who tracks national weather patters. "I would describe it maybe as the year with too much summer." The hot, dry spell could be a blow to the national economy. By the time the final bill is tallied for lost crops, aiding farmers, battling forest fires and generating more electricity, it could run into the billions. Quebec's multibillion-dollar agricultural sector, which accounts for some 16 percent of the Canadian industry's revenues and produces 38 percent of the country's milk, has also been hard hit since early July. In southern Quebec, where it has not rained for five weeks despite bouts of high heat and humidity, vegetable farmers have been working around the clock to save sun-ravaged crops. "The farmers are on the edge of burn-out, they can barely stand up," said David St-Cyr, a spokesman for Quebec's powerful Agricultural Union. The Atlantic provinces have also been caught in the oppressive heat, the result of massive high pressure systems in the United States that, for weeks, have blocked the circulation of other weather patterns trying to make their way north. Clouds of red dust follow behind potato producers working the parched fields on Prince Edward Island, growers who may lose 25 percent of their crop. Blueberries in Nova Scotia and New Brunswick have shriveled to look like raisins. "I think there are a majority of Canadians, probably, who can hardly wait for the winter. And I never thought I'd ever hear that," said Phillips. (With additional reporting by Robert Melnbardis in Montreal and Allan Dowd in Vancouver) ((Winnipeg Reuters Bureau, 204 947-3548, fax 204 947-5167 email:toronto.newsroom@reuters.com)) For Related News, Double Click on one of these codes: [nN16166160] [E] [U] [CAN] [C] [GRO] [G] [O] [ELN] [MTL] [SOF] [CA] [US] [GRA] [MEAL] [OILS] [LIV] [WEA] [NEWS] [ENV] [ENR] [ELG] [DIS] [HEA] [LEN] [RTRS] Thursday, 16 August 2001 12:24:30 RSF [Historical News] {C} ENDS 
  17 August 2001  Brookhaven Energy Project Permit Application Ruled Complete by New York State Regulators  (London - 17 August 2001) International Power plc, one of the world's leading independent power producers, today announces that the New York State Board on Electric Generation Siting and the Environment has accepted as complete its application to build the Brookhaven Energy Project on Long Island. The Siting Board's decision marks the beginning of the State's formal review process, and is a key regulatory milestone for the 580- megawatt natural gas fired electric generating facility. The ruling kicks- off a yearlong review process that will involve public hearings.  International Power submitted the application for their proposed energy facility with the Siting Board, as required under Article X of the State of New York Public Service Law, on June 25, 2001. This application, which the State ruled as meeting the minimum requirements for compliance, addresses all of the pertinent environmental and siting issues of the project, including its design, location, fuel use, and air and water quality.  "The New York Siting Board's ruling puts us a step closer to providing Long Island with a clean and affordable new source of electric power," said Peter Giller, International Power's Chief Executive Officer. "We are planning to begin construction of Brookhaven in the third quarter of next year and expect to have the plant in service by the end of 2004," he added.  For additional information, please contact:  Media contact: (Europe) Aarti Singhal +44 (0)20-7320-8681  Media & Investor contact: (United States) Paul Parshley +1 508-922-3124  Notes to Editors-  The Brookhaven Energy project is proposed for development on 28 acres of industrially zoned land just south of the Long Island Expressway at exit 66 and along the southeast corner of Sills Road in the Town of Brookhaven. When completed, the plant will provide enough energy to power over half a million homes. The project will also result in additional significant benefits to the region, including job creation and substantial tax benefits.  International Power plc is one of the world's leading independent electric generating companies with over 8,850 MW (net) in operation, 2,350 MW (net) under construction and approximately 8,000 MW (net) in advanced development. Among the countries where International Power has operating facilities are Australia, the United States, the United Kingdom, the Czech Republic, Portugal, Turkey, Malaysia, Pakistan, and Thailand. International Power was created from the demerger of National Power, and its shares began trading independently on the London Stock Exchange and as ADRs on the New York Stock Exchange on 2 October 2000. The ticker symbol on both stock exchanges is "IPR".   To unsubscribe please go to <http://www.internationalpowerplc.com/unsubscribe.htm> 
  13:39 20Aug2001 RSF-ANALYSIS-Brazil energy diet slims utilities' accounts  By Andrei Khalip RIO DE JANEIRO, Brazil, Aug 20 (Reuters) - The latest corporate results by Brazilian power utilities provided only a glimpse of the impact of energy rationing that started in June, but enough for analysts to say the sector is probably the most hard-hit by Brazil's economic woes. Coupled with a sharp depreciation of the real currency, which has lost about one-fourth of its dollar value so far this year, and an overall economic slowdown, power rationing should hammer energy companies further in coming months. "Although the currency's depreciation was the main culprit of poor results in the second quarter and first half, power rationing has already shown its face," said Oswaldo Telles, power sector analyst with BBV Securities. "And it will get worse for power utilities this quarter." The government was forced to resort to tough power rationing in June, ordering Brazilians to knock 20 percent off their usual power consumption, in order to avert crippling blackouts amid an acute power shortage. Brazil is dependent on hydroelectric plants for over 90 percent of its electricity. Two years of drought and full use of power stations' capacity to feed a growing economy dried up reservoir levels and triggered the worst energy crisis in at least 30 years in Latin America's largest country. Rationing, due to last at least until November, means lower sales and revenues for power firms, while their costs and dollar-denominated debt get inflated by the real's losses. "It's only the beginning of rationing, but it gives us an idea of how power utilities, distributors in particular, will be affected," said Eduardo de la Pena of Banco Santander. "I think we can say that they are suffering the most." Out of electricity sector stocks, most analysts only have a buy recommendation for Copel <CPLE3.SA> of southern Parana state, where there is no energy shortage and no rationing. GOVERNMENT HELP SOUGHT Among the big losers in the past six months were Sao Paulo's Cesp <CESP4.SA> utility whose losses rose sharply and   Eletropaulo <ELPL4.SA>, controlled by US-based AES Corp. <AES.N>, which posted a net loss after a year-ago profit. Rio de Janeiro's power distributor Light <LIGH3.SA> last week posted its biggest half-year loss ever of 431 million reais ($172 million) and Light officials said the company should suffer big losses this year with revenues falling at least 10 percent due to the rationing program. The main problem for companies is that the government fixes electricity prices in Brazil -- even though most distributors had long been privatized -- and allows the adjustments to compensate for higher costs only once a year. "This year, their costs grew so violently that when the adjustments came it was about time to adjust tariffs again," said Telles. "But they just have to wait till next year. Analysts said the only bright spot may be that the government will allow companies to start adjusting tariffs twice in one year. There are rumors of such a change although analysts recognize such an unpopular measure would be difficult in the run-up to presidential elections next year. In an ironic twist, power distributors are now spending money on lawyers to defend in court the government's order for power switchoffs for quota-busters -- the measure that effectively slashes their revenues. In the meantime, the companies are banking on an obscure contractual clause, known as Annex V, that should compensate them for lost revenue due to rationing. Some have even booked that gain in the latest results, although the government has so far not confirmed that it will pay. "Annex V is the biggest question for power firms. If there is no compensation, they are screwed," said another analyst. ($1=2.5 reais) ((Rio de Janeiro Newsroom, 5521 223 7144))  For Related News, Double Click on one of these codes: [nN20239370] [LIGH3.SA] [ELPL4.SA] [CPLE3.SA] [AES.N] [O] [OIL] [ELN] [E] [U] [T] [M] [D] [CRD] [BR] [LATAM] [EMRG] [ELG] [ENR] [RES] [US] [RESF] [LEN] [RTRS] [LIGH3] [ELPL4] [CPLE3] [AES] Monday, 20 August 2001 13:39:51 RSF [Historical News] {C} ENDS 
  14:54 20Aug2001 RSF-Quebecers should have own citizenship - report  By Marianne White QUEBEC CITY, Aug. 20 (Reuters) - In order to reaffirm the "precarious" status of French in North America, Quebecers should have their own citizenship, a provincial task force studying the status of the French language reported on Monday. But Quebecers would not get a new passport or be asked to choose between Quebec or Canadian citizenship, the report added. The goal is to make everyone, including new immigrants, English-speaking residents and native peoples, feel that they are part of Quebec, a French-speaking island in an English-dominated North America. "We want to do that in a way in which people know that linguistic policy is a fundamental characteristic of this society," said the chairman of the task force, Gerald Larose, a trade unionist who favors Quebec's separation from Canada. "As far as language is concerned, living in Quebec is not like living in Canada," Larose added. The Quebec government reacted with caution to the recommendation of Quebec citizenship, saying on Monday that it shared the ideals that underlie the recommendation. "We do need to have a welcoming ritual for immigrants in order to send a clear message," said Diane Lemieux, minister responsible for the French language, adding that the government would undertake an update of its language policy. The language task force, which crisscrossed the predominantly French-speaking province, which is three times the size of France, over the past 12 months, unveiled 149 recommendations on Monday. It urged the Quebec government to ask for full control over immigration to ensure new arrivals will learn French, a recommendation that is not likely to please the federal government which controls immigration in conjunction with provincial governments. The report also recommends a provincial exam for all new teachers to test their fluency in French, and says that if they fail they should not be hired. It also proposes increasing teaching hours for French, delaying the introduction of English teaching in schools by several years, and protecting the rights of Quebecers to work in French. About 82 percent of Quebec's six million people describe French is their mother tongue. French has been Quebec's official language since 1974 and by law must dominate commercial signs, although other languages may also appear. Quebec has 1.4 million people whose first language is not French. Language can be an emotional and divisive issue in Quebec, which has held two referendums on separating from Canada. In the last one, in 1995, Quebecers voted to remain in Canada only by a razor-thin margin. English and French have been Canada's two official languages since 1969, with both languages spoken widely throughout the nation's history (Marianne White, Reuters Quebec City Bureau, 418-648-6442, fax 418-648-8234, marianne.white@reuters.com) For Related News, Double Click on one of these codes: [nN20321468] [CAN] [G] [RNP] [DNP] [PGE] [CA] [NEWS] [EDU] [LIF] [POL] [LEN] [RTRS] Monday, 20 August 2001 14:54:03 RSF [Historical News] {C} ENDS 
 We will be in town homes?;  PT 
  Lloyd, thought we could bring this guy in for an interview.  Paul 
 http://investor.constellationenergy.com/ireye/ir_site.zhtml?ticker=ceg&script=410&layout=-6&item_id=168780 
 http://tray.dermatology.uiowa.edu/ImageBase.html 
 Diana, I would like to get together regarding the NYISO P&L download... there are few problem that I am encountering when running the download.  Let me know when you have a some time.  Paul 3-0403 
 Rika, I have had a request and I also think it is a good idea to put the regional gas price for the following regions.  PJM - Transco Zone 6 Non New York NY - Transco Zone 6 New York NEPOOL - Algonquin  The heat rates would then be calculated off the appropriate regional gas price.  Thanks Paul 
 I think it would be a good idea to attend this training...  Let me know your schedules.  Paul 
 Lets talk about this to see how it might affect us...  Paul 
 Tomorrow is the CSS Training program for PJM.  CSS will now be a part of the EED tool not used to schedule transactions from and to PJM neighbors.  It is an online training session.  Please let me know if you can't attend.  Date : 6/5 Time : 2:00 PM It will be in conference room 3125b  Paul 
 The eData LOg on screen is not appearing after clicking on the eData icon.  It seems to lock up???  Any ideas.  Paul Thomas Enron Corp 713-853-0403 
 Aaron, The house we live in is about 1700 Sq foot.. older home that needed some fixing up.  At the time I thought we paid too much, however prices in the neighborhood skyrocketed just after we bought the home.  The Houston Texans (a very original name) have developed the new stadium and have torn down some of the seedier hotels in the area in their wake.  Also, they have totally redone South Main Blvd creating a nice thoroughfare. The area is experincing a lot of renovation which is adding value to the neighborhood!  However, home values go up and down just like the stock market.  Most important thing is that we like the home and are very comfortable there.  When we had the house remodeled it was a nightmare, I think the guy was an alcoholic and he did a half ass job.  I prefer to do it myself, I like the way it looks when I do it and it is whole lot cheaper.  One day the contractor almost died in the house... he lost his tooth and proceeded to take a bunch of Advil to ease the pain; however he did this on an empty stomach.  He had to be rushed to the hospital and was there for a week!  He ended up returning and finishing the job?!?!  Anyways, I have to say that it was a good learning experience and next time I will have a better idea on how to get things done.  It was hard to organize and quality assure the job since I had just started a demanding job here at Enron.  All in all, I think France or US you run into the same types of problems with contractors.  Talking about wild flowers and plants.. the same is true for Costa Rica.   Plants that only grow indoors with great care in Houston grow like weeds in Costa Rica.  I recommend that on your places to go list.  Merry Christmas, Feliz Natal, and Feliz Navidad Later Paul 
 http://eastpower.dev.corp.enron.com/summary/nyisosummary.asp 
 Houdini was the first man to fly an airplane solo in Australia. 
 I think the not sharing the room is the part that I should be worrried about... would not want to be in a confined space with you taking YAMS! 
 Narsimha, Niether Jeff or I are going to be able to attend this.. thought you might be interested. 
 Thanks, I appreciate the great work!  Like we said, come over around 2:30 and we can go over the procedures.  Paul 
 Mark, We need a few links to added to the East Power Web Site... the following links  PJM PRICE SUMMARY http://eastpower.dev.corp.enron.com/summary/pjmsummary.asp  NEW YORK ISO PRICE SUMMARY http://eastpower.dev.corp.enron.com/summary/nyisosummary.asp  NEW YORK eDATA http://eastpower.dev.corp.enron.com/Cooper/MID_NYISO.ASP  Add the following links under daily information. Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks, Paul 
  Thanks for adding the links.  Paul 
 The 01 plants are on the intranet 
  It is order number 700105486550  Thanks 
  Peterman, Can you to talk to Marci and get this resolved.  PT 
 I just tried to call you 
 Honey, I really do not know what to say so why don't you send me a line that I can attach my resume with.. Thanks Bunda  Love ME 
 Currently, we have a corporate guarantee of $20MM, however I believe that this number can be reduced to $10MM or less.  NY will should be able to tell them exactly how much credit they will need to post in order to own this portfolio. 
 As far as I know you still have a job.  So, the answer is yes. 
 Baby, that looks great.. thanks for taking care of that!  Love ME 
 Well Aaron, It is great to hear that you are doing well.  Yes, Raquel and I ( the same gal I was dating at Genesis) ended up tying the knot in late April in Rio.  We got married in small church on the Lagoa, quite a beautiful place to get married.  Above the church sat the giant statue of Christ the Redeemer looking down on us.  My parents, family and friends attended and I know what you mean by fish out of the water!  We bought a house over off of Buffalo and Braeswood.   I too have learned a lot about fixing up homes, it is something that I have actually begun to enjoy.  The house is great except for the mortgage that we owe to the bank.  We are now considering paying it off, however I am not sure for how much longer we will live there. Therefore, not sure if we really want to pay it off.  As far as children go, we are still waiting for the right time.  I imagine we will have one in a year or so... right now we are enjoying taking vacations on a whim.  Went to Rio in early Sept and got stuck there for week and 1/2 due to the terrorist attacks.  Not such a bad place to be stuck.  I definitely would encourage you t