 Dorie, Laura... can I get together with you guys for a few minutes to discuss some customer offsite alternatives, Our group is in the early stages of planning a function with invited guests ( 10 guests, 6 staff).  I am interested in locations ( recomendations ), your roles and responsibilities in pulling this together, total cost ( value ) timelines.  pls give me a call. Thanks, BT 
 John, I would like access to 1 analyst for West Gas Marketing.  BT 
 Dave, I don't know if you received this original message or not.... we will cancel today's meeting. If you need to reach me, call in...  Thanks. BT 
 Mark and Stephanie are both out today... let's reschedule for next week.  I will need to talk to Tyrell and Paul this morning upon receipt of this note.  BT 
 received. 
 are there any more e-mail addresses you need to send to Enron..... there really is only one more remaining..... David Fildes....  Send a picture of the kids.  BT 
 I will get you guys some names on people that i would like this to go to.  Can you re-send to me the distribution list including contact name, e-mail address, sorted by business group.  Industrials, Muni's, Untilities, Producers, Other  Thanks.  BT 
 Julie, a little birdy told me you may sell some airmiles..  I am looking for 40,000 miles  ( two tickets ) back to canada....  Bid $ 650 - 700.  Any interest.  Barry 
 Good morning.... just testing my e-mail address.  BT 
 Testing.... 
 Call me when you have a chance, we need to get together for that meeting that I owe you.  BT 
 Gerald, the e-mail address is lreid@sppc.com.  Thanks. BT 
 Gerald, I have reviewed the netting language that was put into the confirms.  Can you please send these to the attention of Lorelie Reid at SPPC for her review and we will get these documents executed. For now, we should still go with drafts.  Call me if there are any questions.  BT 
 Thanks for the game yesterday.... and lunch.  I understand that i created an error in my calculation of your game .. sounds like 95 was the right number, not 105 for the total game.  Sorry about that... just lost my ability to ad two sets of numbers.   Details !!!!!!!  TIC 
 I have the tickets set aside for Weds. May 23.  I will buy dinner.  BT 
 Further to our conversations, I would like to meet with you guys to discuss Q1. Specifically, I would like Stephanie and Kim to provide for me a list of your Q1 activities, achievments, actions items and then summarize your plans for Q2 and rest of year.  Let's do this as a group first, and then if anyone wants to talk directly about specific commercial issues then we can do so on a one off basis.  I have asked Jessica  to book 2 hours( video conference room )  for next tues. May 8.  Pls advise if there are any questions.  BT 
 Thanks. I will follow up with Pablo.  BT 
 Bill, I have not reconciled the  master firm or master swap credit info yet, but I will have my customer list sent to you raw as it is and we can start to pull together.   Phil, pls forward consolidated list for Bill to cross reference with EOL useage.  Thanks.  BT 
 eric, I saw a note this a.m..... the paramount co. may be a u.s. firm. ( not paramount canada ) which makes alot more sense.  I will see if I can dig this up and get back to grant.  BT 
 Paul, can you please forward your updated resume to Eric Ledain in the Calgary Office.  Eric will review and see if there are any fits in his organization and if so, contact you as required.  Regards,  Barry Tycholiz 
 I am not back in town and would like to set up a installation date.  Pls advise as to dates available.  BT 
 Dave, the progress sounds positive with LP.  Let me know if there is something that can help you guys with!  BT 
 we did not discuss this today. Let's get together on Tues and spend 15 minutes on this subject.  BT 
 Rumor has it that Paramount had signed up for the short term emergency firm on Kern.... not that it matters but I was wondering if that was true.  If so, he may want to hedge this pipe and you guys could spin some orig off of it.  TIC 
 thanks, I appreciate it. 
 Further to our conversation, pls release $ 1,004,000 US funds to the Canadian Orig Desk Head, Eric Ledain.  These funds will come out of the prudency account that has been set up to distribute these payment obligations.  Gerald, I would like to raise a confirm between ENA and ECC that stipulates why we are paying them these amounts.  Total payment was in consideration of ECC syndication of PCHC and Misako of which the granted amount on Misako was $ 200,000 .   If there are any questions, give me a call.  BT 
 Your the king... I will wait for your voicemail.  BT 
 David, further to our conversation, can you advise on the history of an ex employee named Steve Horn.  I believe he came from the the Finance group.  I would appreciate any off the record comments you can provide. My phone number is 3-1587.  BT 
 Bill, just following up to see if the MTM reports that are being provided to you are working as you require. Format, data etc.  If there is anything else on this, call me.  BT 
 Mark, In my discussions with Lavorato, he has asked us to provide a summary/outline of the business operations of each of the co's that we have syndicated this capacity with.  Set up your summary that includes, Co. Name, Principal, primary business, dealings history ( if any ), number of employees, contact name of deal maker.  Cannon, Patina, FMI Weld, Huber,Misaka  Don't spend too much time with this, but a little history on each co. is what John wants for his review.  Thanks, BT 
 Glad to hear about the vegas grouping.  Rumor has it that you and i are bunking together... John thought you might want to share a king bed but until we get to know each other better, we should get two queens.  Can you look after getting us a room.  I have not stayed at the belagio, should be nice.  I will call you sometime tues.  See you on friday around 6:00 pm.  BT 
 Paul, I have moved down to Houston and am now running the gas marketing group for the west.  I will forward this note and talk to my Canadian Counterpart, he will follow up as required.  Thanks for the note... I am sure you are glad school is coming to the end.  Regards,  Barry Tycholiz 
 I sat down with the tech guys and wrote down every word... it seems to work fine. Perhaps a little slow but not that bad.	BT 
 Sorry, I was unable to catch up to you on the weekend.  Look forward to hearing about Austin.  My grandmothers prayers are on tues night. I will be home on Weds. around 6;00 and then off to San Fran and L.A. on thurs/ Friday.  What are the plans for the weekend ?  I might need a raise if I am going to Jet around the country like a rock star..  Anything in the markets that I should be aware of ?  Talk to you later.  BT 
 Pls postpone install date until further notice.  I will advise pablo or yourself as my schedule becomes available.  BT 
 pls remove me from your distribution list. thanks.  BT 
 I don't know if I sent you a note on this already but pls postpone install date until further notice. I am unavailable for the rest of the week.  Barry 
 This packages will always be a work in progress ....make sure that the message that you are intending to deliver is delivered so have a wrap up slide(s) that brings the whole thing home and leaves your customers with a summarized version of your presentation.  Kim, I would like to use this format in our discussions with Long Beach and Palo Alto... In light of my schedule I would ask that you ensure that the material is in the format you would like.  Also, our discussions with Long Beach are going to be around outsourcing and their performance against Socal's index... We have done some analysis of this data but not enough to bring in recommendations.  As part of our discussions, we need a section on Risk Management Services, historical pricing Socal vs Long Beach. Recommendations on some risk management products and then next steps slides.  Our objective with both co's is to get involved in their management and outsourcing of some of their load.  I would like to pursue a proposal whereby we setup with Long beach a 3 or 5 year structure that provides both long term and short term incentives on their price vs Socal.  I will call you on Tues. a.m.  BT 
 What ended up happening with this capacity.  Did we show a bid of any kind.  Even if we have to warehouse this we should be able to.  BT 
 Pls throw the tires out.....or make planters out of them.  Tic 
 My game has signs of life..... can't break 80.... I am up in Canada right now... grandma passed away.... I am very much looking forward to the june trip myself.  BT 
 I received your voice mail and I was aware of the ruling in Nevada... Like yourself, I am pleased.  Gerald has raised the amending lanuage and I will review this week. BT 
 Not really because I am going to get access to Telerate.. either one is ok by me.  BT 
 The Enron stock that I sold was in US funds.  I then coverted it to Canadian $'s and that is what is on my T4.  The equities that I owned did include Communications System International, and I think that is it.... However, I am travelling and unable to confirm this for you until Apr. 24. or so.  If there are any questions, pls contact me via this address.  regards, bt 
 Pls defer the install date....until further notice.  Thanks  BT 
 Due to some changes in my schedule, I would like to deffer the install date.... I will follow up with Pablo once I know what that new schedule looks like.  In terms of supporting my click at home... I don't really care if it is supported or not, but I require complete access to my work files, notes 
 Let's cancel the meeting for this monday.  thanks. BT 
 That's good news. Thanks. 
 Yes, we can make that payment for any date.  Let's raise a letter amending the payment from 30 days to whatever date he wants. BT 
 Jessica, I will probably not be in on Thurs as I am traveling to Winnipeg for the next few days.  At this time, I do not have a cell phone number where I can be reached at... but I will get a number to you.  Please direct my calls accordingly and any messages to my main line. I will check this on a regular basis.  Thanks, BT  I will call you thurs. a.m. 
 Tanya, here are the draft confirms that we have negotiated with Sierra. I am also going to add some specific language regarding delivery point and pro-rata cuts.. and you guys need to work with gerald and put in netting / set off language that you feel protects our interests.  As an aside, I talked to the commercial person at Sierra and advised them that we will be amending this draft again to incorporate Netting provisions and she advised me that that would not be a problem.  Thanks.  BT 
 Bill, the language that we have used for discounting had a 200 basis point amount attached to it. It should not be included based on our last conversation.. If this is going to be attached as a schedule  then it still needs to go through some changes.  The calculation, summary page is almost complete.  BT . 
 Gerald, rather than say mid month.... define the language to say... start date shall be Aug 1.  in the event that the start date is delayed past Aug 1 and prior to Sept 1, then the start date shall be Sept 1.  This can be rolled for another month.  BT 
 what is my login userid. 
 perfect... thanks. 
 forward to the attention of Dean Drozdiak 
 Gerald, here is some language that we have used in the past. I have adjusted it to reflect ENA. If there are any other changes, please do so. Otherwise, Sandy is will attach this to a file we are sending out with some historical numbers.  Pls note: IF there are any changes, copy me on them and I will update my file.  BT 
 I did not receive this as far as I know... pls check with Jessica 
 Marg, you had co-ordinated for me the L1-A visa I acquired to move from Canada to Houston.  I need a lawyer to assist in the preparation and filing of a Visa for my spouse. She has been advised to pursue a visa called "TN" which would allow her to work as a registered nurse. Apparently under the US - Canada free trade agreement, she can acquire this visa which is supposed to be low cost and easy to get.  Can you advise as to the best route to get this underway.  Thanks, Barry Tycholiz 
 We are building a model this a.m. to test calculation assumptions.  Has PG&E asked for any clarification or changes to my proposed calc.  I will have confirmation of the calc first thing this a.m. ( monday )  BT. 
 pls calc as per our conversation.  BT 
 You can direct Kern that we are prepared to underpin that exposure such that Enron wears that risk.... as 1. there should be no risk anyways, and 2.  if there were to be any, it should be ENA's anyways.   BT 
 Jessica, can you follow up on this request pls. 
 Gerald, here is my cut at the calculation. As discussed this needs to be sent to PG&E, Peter.meier@neg.pge.com when we are ready to show them calc.  also, copy steve vanhooser.  BT 
 I am the originator and VP for this capacity. BT 
 there were no taxes withheld on the sale of these options. BT 
 My arguments remain the same regarding gas coverage. I believe that gas coverage responsibilities belong to west gas.  This coverage should be transitioned over to a marketing rep in west gas, and I would like that to be you.  Comments.  BT 
 Can you please add the PG&E topack curve to the swap model. thanks.  BT 
 Paul, I was going through some of my notes.. did you ever get anywhere with Piper Energy in Calgary... Boyd Macdonald is the contact there.  BT 
 I had a message you called me... if you still need to reach me, give me a call at your convenience.  713-853-1587.  BT 
 Judy, attached is a summary report I received from Enron. Please disregard the information I had submitted in the organizer.... as it is incomplete.  I gave up on that system because I was unable to put in decimal points...  This is the complete list of ENRON Corp stock that I sold in 2000 and has all the relevent information on it.  Call if there are any questions.  BT 
 I have read the agreement, believe we need to hold the recall rights as per El Paso's direction, however let's discuss.  Call me when you are ready to meet.  Note:  Bill, I would like to discuss with you the possibility of reducing the " Capacity" in consideration of PGE selling us outright the citygate gas...  BT 
 My W-2 in Dec was $63,250.  Also, I am in my organizer as we speak.... I may have missed some of the options information and am rechecking.  BT 
 Kim, I think this is the form you need to complete. Can you download and print... I have also made a hard copy of this and will bring it home tonight.  Just go in and click on this web site.. and then print this form off on our computer. You can access as follows.  www.irs.gov then click on forms then go to form 1099 W-7.. this should be it.   http://ftp.fedworld.gov/pub/irs-pdf/fw7.pdf   BT 
 Pls have dave set up with a secondary screen for his desktop.  Barry Tycholiz 
 Judy, what is the proper mailing address in Calgary that my supporting documents should be sent to.  Also, should I include a blank cheque to you for payment to the Canadian Taxes or do you want me to wait until we know what the amount is.  Thanks. BT 
 Thanks for the note... I am away during this period but I may have Kim Ward take a couple of my customers... I will get back to you. Thanks.  BT 
 Thanks... BT 
 please verify that we have 4 rooms for next monday night... at the Westin St. Francis... also, can you make a dinner reservation the restaurant Kuleto's which is at the Villa Florence.  8:00 PM reservation time.... 5 people. 
 Barry - order the 4 DVD's from Columbia House.com 
 Any chance on the document today?  Yes, we can live with it... and the shippers should be ok with it as they will look to us for any charges. However, I still question why this is required as there should not be any prior issues related to this capacity.  BT 
 good stuff 
 I have called.... everyones phone rings and rings and rings.... 
 Sorrry I missed  your call.... I am in all day today. Call me back if you need to speak with me.  BT   3-1587. 
 Did you get all the numbers on TSA's... I have a few but I don't believe I have them all either.  BT 
 Bill, you would have to structure your paper with PG& E such that their MTM amount computes to an amount of capacity assigned to us to handle this position.  With EL Paso having receipt point flexability, but subject to change we must be very careful in our bid assumptions on this pipe that we would be assuming as a result of this.  As i had said yesterday, San Juan receipt point status is a lot cheaper than Permian... and changes the economics considerably.  BT 
 Kim, the Astro's only play June, 1,2,3.. and then not again until the 15th... I have the tickets for 1,2,3.... if that influences your dad at all.  He should come down that weekend.  BT 
 Dorie, is there a different charge for one day vs the next?  ( you us Canadians, always looking for the deal ).  Barry 
 Tyrell, what is status of documents.  Call me on my cell phone. 713-302-6442. 
 Jim, good to hear from you.  Glad to hear that everything is going OK.  My transition down to Houston has all in all gone pretty good.  We settled in pretty quick at home and Kim is being quite a trooper regarding her home life although I know she misses outside interaction. She may be able to work soon so this should help keep her busy.  Work has been exiting, the West US markets have provided good opportunities to me and I am slowly making my way to meet the customers.  I could easily spend every day on the road.  I have loved the winter.. hilight has to be no snow to shovell... but I will pay the price for the summer because you can't do anything when it is a 100 degrees.  Better run,.... drop me a line sometime... and if you are ever getting your way down this way, call first, we will get together.  BT 
 We are booked to play the TPC - Pines course on  Friday A.M. at 10:20 AM... then over to the house for dinner on Friday night.  I can pick you guys up on Friday am. our home number is 713-667-9556.  Call me when you get in on thurs. evening.  I have booked  a time for 3 people.  That should be it.  BT 
 Further to our meeting in Denver.... and as agreed, we are going to create a consolidated fundamentals package that will be maintained, controled and distributed by our group.  This package will form part of all of your outgoing conversations with customers and will be set up in such a way that it can be customized for each customer group, buyers or sellers.  In short form, the information package will include:  *	Supply:		Complete historicals and forecasts for WCSB *	Demand:	historical demand broken down by tradeclass, region, *	Transportation:	historical loads, basis transport values, expansions etc *	Generation:	gas fired new gen information that will affect future supply demand * 	Storage:	AGA's historical - by region * 	Hydro:		Historical flows / snow pack reports... items that will affect Hydro this year .. perhaps next *	Misc:		Summary of misc and related items that will have an effect on West gas and power.. things that drive our business.' *	Conclusions:	Summarize all of these variables.. update and make a determination on whether are not we are bullish - bearish-neutral.  I will track down an old copy of the files that we used ot use so as to not reinvent the wheel if and where at all possible.  WHO: Phillip will take the lead on putting this information package together. Dave Fuller will assist in some of the output.  TIMELINE: 	This should be completed in draft form by the end of the week...   We should be after a guality package that we are prepared to take to our customers on a qrtly basis as part of our customer coverage rotation.  Call if any questions. Previous packages that you think are helpful shoudl be sent into phil's attention.  BT 
 gerald, pls change the contract price to monthy index minus $ .42 US/mmbtu on both agreements and resend. 
 Mark, further to our conversation... Mercado transacted with Enron North America under the terms and conditions of a financial transaction and these transactions have been or will be settled financially, however these transactions could have been set up as physical.  The structure of the transaction changes as a result of a few variables, including the price,day of cash settlement, and curtailment issues on San Jan deliveries which would then automatically convert the fixed price portion to 100% load factor and settlement would be on 100% of the volume regardless as to what physically flowed.  Please call me if there are any questions regarding this note.  Barry  Tycholiz Vice President, Enron North America 
 I will buy....How's Thurs.  - Lunch 
 Please forward to Julie Gomez and coordinate your activities with Julie, who is acting on my behalf in front of Kern as a result of Stephanie traveling.  Any questions, call me.  BT 
 I have completed the organizer... I have also sent to you today my information for filing purposes. Call and let me know what else you need.  Barry 
 Kim, can you please put out for me the amex bill. I would like to expense for this. Thanks. 
 Can you print out these resumes for me. 
 Don't we need to have our meeting first?. . The four of us should still meet asap and agree on paper with PG&E and present this to them.    BT 
 Interesting.... and probably true... I was watching the news last night and it is unbelievable how much scrutiny all of these assets are going to get in the next little while,  the reality is that everything could be a terrorist target... Nukes, water, tall buildings, stadiums,electrical generation assets, fuel depo's, crop dusters...  Pls keep us posted.. the implication here is that expansion projects like TransWestern could receive pressure on their ability to expand as the generation equation gets stirred up. 
 Sonya, can you please contact Frank Vickers ( VP East Orig). He was looking at my screen and was interested in getting it.  Also, can you provide for him a report on what systems his group currently has and whether or not there is an opportunity to reduce some of his costs by using the system that you set me up with.  No need to reply, pls contact Frank.  BT 
 ozzie.... ??? he doesn't golf... remind dave of that... that's just like throwing money away for ozzie.... ( you can tell oz I said that).  BT 
 I saw it come through... good deal. Keep up the good work.  BT 
 Dorie, pls hold 6 tickets for me for the Sunday event. =20  Thanks, BT  =20 
 I want the tickets.... also, can you tell me what time the race starts on s= unday.  BT=20 
 0413 Co. 107321 RC Code  BT=20 
 Dave, SPPC does not want to show us an oct. offer for gas a blue diamond.. They will sell day by day as they manage their load.  BT 
 call me in a few minutes... to discuss BP discussions. 
 I would like to get a few customers invited to this event.. pls advise who we can invite.. and we can discuss asap.  BT 
 Jessica, are we scheduled to have our video conference today..Is the room available.  BT 
 Jacy called me the other day and said you guys met... He is a really good guy.. they have three young kids...  For right now, the best thing that we can do is try to find a nasdaq related fund and possibly by half of that and the balance in some sort of term bond fund. I have not set you the documents back as of yet.  BT 
 Eva, I was talking to Jean the other day and she has advised me that you will be working in the Producer One group.  I would like to talk to you about some of the things you worked on this year as they relate to storage development etc...  Can you contact me early next week to get together for 1/2 hour.  Thanks in advance.  BT 
 I thought you guys might like this one.....  I am trying hard to defend ourselves... but they might be right..  BT 
  These are pretty good. 
 FYI,  I have invited a couple of my marketers and their customers to go to this on Sunday.. ENA ( my RC ) will not be charged back.  Who is paying the bills.... and how much are they? You would have to believe it is a lot. 
 I did not know she had resigned.  BT 
 Mark, do you have any customers that we could invite as a guest to this event. I would be more than happy to host.  I have tickets for the Sunday race.... Oct.7.  Let's discuss on Monday. BT 
 Paul, can you please advise as to who you are directing these packages to and the status of their interest.  BT 
 Gerry, I talked to both storey and Lucci late friday... here is the latest.  You had indicated your customer wanted a monthly related price... is that off of Ventura or Harper or both.  Paul Lucci ( Denver office) will contact you today or Tues., to generate a bid for the Ventura and Harper gas. I talked to storey on Friday and he will work up a firm bid for your customers.   He thinks pricing will be near a Ventura Monthly Index + $ .04. ( that's with no orig to Canada).  That is also with no ancillary deals behind this structure and that is what Lucci is trying to pull together. Paul, can you please investigate nom procedures, potential dry run structure ( Oct. 01) and verify what the structure looks like as the upstream diversions take place.( incl. default positions ).  At a minimum let's buy the gas and sell it base load to storey.... then ENA - Denver will try to back fill some gas into the deal on a Interruptible basis.  Call if you guys want to discuss.  regard,  BT 
 Todd, I have gone through all of these resumes and will not pursue a next step at this time.  The latest candidate that appears to be on the most interest to me is Robert Ayres and I will have my secretary set up a meeting with him this week.  Thanks, BT 
 Marc, you had left a message on my voice mail last week from one of your customers at sclumberger... I am forwarding his name and number to Frank Vickers group to follow up as this customer requirement is not part of my service territory.  Thanks, BT  Contact: Mike @ 281-285-8327 Sclumberger. 
 Any news this fine monday morning...  BT 
 Louise, please review and if you require more verbage I can add a lot more than this... I believe this captures the basic scope but if you think otherwise, let me know.  BT 
 thanks. BT 
 For the most part the term of the back to back was 23 years.....with step up volumes.  BT 
 I just received a letter on some options being granted ( a total of 1400)... at $ 35.00 strike.  What is this for? 
 Are you going to this event this weekend.  BT 
 The letter had your name on it.  and yes I have a cool rep.  BT 
 I have not ever been to a race... always wanted to go.... I think we have invited a couple of customers.Should be fun.!!!  BT 
 Jessica, pls contact Robert Ayres @ 713-661-4551 and schedule him for a 1 hour meeting here at the office.  His e-mail is rayres99@hotmail.com.  Sometime in the afternoon is preferred on tues or weds of this week.  BT 
 I was reading your pricing sheet... couldn't resist the teaser.... Where is the next California? pls advise.  BT 
 Did you expense for my car rental.... on my last expense report.. it was for the one way rental from Denver to Houston. I found a reciept in my desk... and wasn't sure if it was a duplicate or not.  BT 
 Eric, did Suncor every get any drilling completed in the Rockies...? 
 Yes, I will ask someone from Denver office to create package... Gas Management, Market Intelligence.. gas flows.. etc.  BT 
 Yes I am available... pls include me once time is booked.  BT 
 Mara, pls put together a summary report of the planned generation sites along Kern Pipeline and the proposed start dates. I need it for a discussion with Sierra Pacific today.  BT 
 please roll, my Q3 origination structure for JM Huber from Q3 to q4. $ 500,000 k.  I have nothing else to add at this time.  BT 
 pls print off. 
 Kim, Russel Diamond is going to provide to you a complete overview of deals, power and gas, and MTM positions, plus contractual status. You should get a copy of the master documents. ( this will include credit covenants).  Also, can I have a summary of LADWP, how they operate, how they are paid.... Russel will have this to you by tommorow. Pls have the consolidated package for me prior to my departure at 1:30 to Las Vegas.  BT 
 Mark, I have not read these documents but Gerald and I did discuss scope... let's start to go through this with actual details.  BT 
 I sent this document back by fax.  BT 
 Yes that does sound a lot like your structure....I fill address from here... BT 
 call me when you get in please. I have a couple of questions on this.  BT 
 Louise, my marketer out of the Portland office had word that a EES marketer ( George Dickinson ) was looking to contact a Utility in the Northwest.... the reason that EES was looking to do this was to work with the utility on gas structures that perhaps the utility could market to some of their customers and EES would help them create or structure ..  This marketing effort is at the core of what ENA - Wholesale Gas is trying to promote and any third part mix into this effort does not help.  Regardless as to where we are at in our marketing efforts and success to date in these efforts.... Utility business is a ENA customer and I consider them a primary wholesale customer.  I have not discussed this is anyone at EES but in my discussions with my peers was led to believe that this issues was tabled with you already and my comments would support your conversations with EES on our behalf.  Pls advise if you need to discuss or require anything from me.  regards,  BT 
 Here is the schedule... next game Oct 20. against Nevada. Not the most exiting schedule.  BT  www.riceowls.com 
 Patrick, sorry for the short notice to try to catch up with you in L.A. this week.  As mentioned, I am responsible for the Gas Marketing efforts in the West. For a variety of reasons we have been slow in contacting you but I know that from a Trading perspective you have a strong relationship with our staff and were probably getting covered on most items you were needing.  My groups interests are around transportation, risk management, Strategic Assets, storage etc... .items that we believe are more of a term fit that real time position management issue.  We spend a lot of time on fundamentals, research, hedging strategies, load forecasting etc.  You had mentioned being in town in early November and if your schedule allows I would welcome the chance to get together.  Please contact me as you know your calendar and in the interim.... if I end up in the city prior to the end of the month, I may try to contact you then.  Thanks in advance.  Barry Tycholiz Vice President Enron North America 
 I am a believer.... 
 marge, I went in and registered but my name is coming up as a director... should be a V.P.... I don't really care but if you are updating files pleas have this changed.  Barry Tycholiz 
 I have talked to Sierra Pacific and they have some storage... I will advise.  I think fuller was doing some leg work also.  Do you think there are any displacement issues that they may be forced to adhere to that would no allow them to shift flows?  Also, are you able to replicate the delivery point off of JP to make this happen?  BT 
 I should no longer be on this circulation. Can you please have me removed.  BT 
 Mark, I have approved this expense report.. With regards to the Wyoming Gas Fair.  What is the total cost of that trip for you,looks like $ 3,000 or so including airfare, hotel and ancillaries, also ( I believe Paul was there ).  What are his expenses going to be for this?  Thanks. BT 
 Dave, the fundy's report is saying that both Kaiser plants are closed, the one in Mead and the other is in Tacoma... are they not buying gas from us on a monthly basis and if so, is this for process?  BT 
 That may be a better date for me anyways... pls put me down.  BT 
 Kim, I will attend. Jessica, pls add to my calender. BT 
 Jeff, I was talking to Mike Etringer yesterday regarding this subject and he gave me the name of the CFO Ted Craver. I understand that you guys were dealing with John Fielder.  For sure we want to know what they are up to.  I think like all deals in California we are going to run into issues with credit, and probably paper but that would pretty much depend on the counterparty. ( is it edison), or DWR?  It is VERY important that trading and marketing are aware of the hedging activities in a very timely fashion so however we need to ensure that happens will be my plan.  Do you know the CFO ?  regards, BT 
 John, If possible I would like to talk to you regarding two deals this morning.  1.  JM Huber - hedging deal / prudency issues required to protect some risks in 2002. 2. El Paso Transport assignment discussions and plan.  I can be there any time.... need 10 minutes.  BT 
 As you guys know the 2003 PGT expansion plans are supposed to be 230,000/day. The landscape of the shippers list is ever changing... Rumors of PPL pulling out 85,000/day to Malin and Stanfield is unconfirmed ( we are trying to validate)... and potentially Avista pulling out as they have been downgraded... they hold 35,000/day in 2003. Combined this is almost half of the planned expansion.  Although not confirmed the bottom line is as the 03 shippers back out the expansion it becomes compromised and ultimately I believe the 2002 expansion and 2003 expansion start to blend together. As you guys know the 2002 shippers lists of 211,000 / day is made up 2 shippers Calpine 35,000/day and Newport Gen 175,000/day and this expansion has it's own issues.  As we know more about shippers moving around I will pass on... pls do same.  BT 
 Further to our conversation please find attached the curves on the JM Huber transaction that we have agreed to work off of. The 30,000/day of capacity will sit on the books until next week but the deal with HUBER is effectively completed. In the event that this deal does not close, then the West desk will resume with the same MTM risks that you presently have.  Any curve shift positive from now until the transaction is actually unwound will be credited back to the orig desk and any negative curve shift from here on in will be credited to the trading desk... plus ENA Orig and trading will work on a sharing calculation payable for any future deals.  In addition to the transportation income being generated, additional orig will be generated by entering into wellhead and market based transactions with the desks. I believe that all of the risks and discussions associated with the structures have been well communicated with each book ( by Mark Whitt ) and we will be meeting with each of you early next week to get the structures and booking set up properly.  I trust that this note covers the general areas related to this deal and I am very pleased with the high level of cooperation shown by everyone..  Pls review file and if there are any questions give me a call.  BT 
 pls copy 
 Eric, pls ensure that this meeting comes with a defined plan from legal for discussions related to capacity release ( purchase or sale ) at full tolls, discount or premium. In addition to this and most importantly what is ENA's legal position on the disclosure of commercial terms that accompany and structured transportation agreement. I.E. if we buy gas at a market based rate and assign capacity to the customer ( at full tolls ) are we going to be required to post the commercial terms to the street.  BT 
 Perhaps Gerald could attend also.  BT 
 Assuming that our bid's stay in the range discussed previously, what are we going to do?  I am not going to hard trade the buyers at this point until we know for sure Suncor is there..  So, can you pls advise.  I would suggest we get Suncor to give you a "Stand Still" for the rest of this week which includes a firm number ( or better ) that they will sell capacity for. By the way, this number needs to be close to zero as there is not much left over.   Current economics.... approx $400,000 Bid on the table, plus ENA holds option Apr 02 - oct 02 to put capacity to buyer.  Under this structre Suncor keeps capacity until Apr. 02. There are no liquids conversations being conducted at this time and pending structure may not be.  None of the financial markets support premium payments ( for any term ).  Give me a call.  BT 
 Yes, I had also heard that Calpine/NPG have passed on the early start date...I think PGT will show this to the market.... no change regarding the 02 issues as of yet.  BT 
    BT 
 Latest doc's.  pls review and comment on wording applicable to regulatory indicator that triggers events.  BT 
 Ty and Phil, can you please advise as to the status and provide me copies of all documents related to payment # 1 and # 2 regarding the kern shippers.  What I really want to do is tie out paper work, signatures and ensure that we are tight on all fronts. Pls advise ( by co. name ) the status of all pending documents and a plan to get signatures as required.  BT 
 Thanks, I have taken a quick look at this and will think about other applications.  I will follow up soon.  BT 
 absolutely. 
 Jessica, it appears that we pay a monthly fee of $ 89.99 / mth plus monthly optional charges and all long distance and local charges.  I would like to discuss the details of a bill. What is this base fee, are there other plans available? Are we getting any value in using cingular ( especially this plan). How many minutes are we getting what are the  long distance and roaming rates?  In aggregate, my monthly cell phone bill for my group looks to be around $1,400 - $ 2,000/mth for 7 people total and this is a little high.  Also, pls verify who has cell phones in Denver and what the monthly bills look like for this office.  Thanks, BT 
 Pls coordinate a vacation schedule planner for me for all of the staff from now until the end of the year ( including Jan ).  Pls include Denver  BT. 
 Can I get all this printed out please.  BT 
 pls advise group that we will be meeting today and advise the video staff to ensure it is up and running.  BT 
 I just sat down this a.m. and have been either in a meeting or working on a deal.  I should be able to get back to you in the next hour or so.  BT 
 Ted, it's that time of year... I would like to meet with a few good a/a's to try and place in my group for year end. Any comments on the process or path I should take on getting this done.  BT 
 you know, can't trust those lawyers..... BT 
 Lorelie, attached is a Price Distribution table that is set up as a template for SPPC Power load as it relates to market prices  and load.  As you can see, this distribution protects your rate base against a rising price environment and partially floats with market prices as they move down.  The distribution ( fixed price vs floating ) may move up a percent or two in relation to the outright price desk that we face today ( relative to the historical numbers) but those iterations can be made as required.  Pls review and we can discuss at your convenience.  Also, as discussed, I am looking for ways to enhance our ability to transact with you on gas structures but in light of the overall credit positions that may be difficult.  With that being said however, I do believe that we can stream some structures to the physical contracts in gas and ensure that from the physical point of view ENA and SPPC are both protected and I would like to pursue this with you. One area that I would like to start with to have SPPC sell ENA physical gas ( 30,000/40,000/day) against a physical gas daily related price.  Once I have accumulated a payables position, we inherently create a secured line without having to change any of the contracts/paper currently in place.  I am also sure this will require further discussions and look forward to catching up with you soonest.  regards,  Barry Tycholiz 
 Louise, further to our conversation of yesterday... here is a list ( in order of priority) that I have reviewed with the Denver office.  In all cases, if Fred's group is able to make a case that the CFO truly is the financial contact, then we are prepared to leave as is.... otherwise as per Mark's note, I would like to clarify the marketing role regarding all Rockies and San Juan producers ( both physical and paper ) and transfer the primary responsibilities back to the Denver office as we had always planned.  Pls review and advise if you need anything further.  BT 
 please keep me posted on progress.... and if there is any way that I can help... photo sessions and baby kissing are my Forte !!!! 
 Please include in this annoucement that the West continues to be managed by me and Mike Grigsby.  Thanks, BT 
 What is the latest actuals that I have for month to date.  West Gas orig and West Gas Denver orig.  BT 
 Faith, pls advise as to soft targets budget vs actuals year to date for West Gas Origination.  BT 
 Jaime, further to our conversations earlier. I look forward to our proposed meeting and will coordinate efforts with Stephanie Miller to prepare for ENA's discussion items.  I have decided for at least the next week or so to defer my travel plans ( I am not the best flyer at the best of times ).. As such, we should work towards the end of the month as a timeline for us to come down.  We can nail down specific dates soonest.  BT 
 is this on my calendar already.. if not, pls add.  BT 
 Darren, I was speaking to Eric and he did infact tell me you were joining ECC in Montreal.. I received your message but was unable to call you back next week. Give me a call at your convenience to discuss any matters you were wanting to talk about.  thanks,  BT 
 Jeff, I did leave you a message on Friday that I was unable to meet with DWR on monday... You and I need to hook up on Monday to discuss plan of attack regarding gas and as per your original message I agree with you, it starts with some basic discussions around their intent, vs trying to bang out a Master agreement that may go no where.  Talk to you today I hope.  BT 
 Let's try to get out soon.  Also, I ran into Mike Roberts ( the weather guy) and he would like to join us some lunch hour... he brings his bike in every day.  Talk to you soon.  BT 
 Kay, I lost my cell phone the other day... as such, can you please forward to me Dave's Cell phone, and work #'s to re-install.  Thanks.  BT 
 Laura, I would like 6 tickets, Nov. 4  for the Final round on Sunday..... W= est Gas Origination, 107321, Enron North America, Barry Tycholiz, Vice Pres= ident.  RM # 3206B.  Pls call if there are any questions. BT=20 
 Darren, did you check this already.... are there any power MTM positions with Puget Energy that would be in addition to the Gas MTM that you put on my desk. ( $ 50 MM)  Thanks. BT 
 Please circulate to west gas Orig group.  Thanks. BT 
 Where were you flying to?  I turned 39 yesterday... that sucks....  Kim has worked one 8 hour shift in a year... not exactly pounding the hours and the way the stock is going she might need to put together a few more shifts than that.  How much longer for school for you? ... I know you will do fine!!  All in all things are going pretty good, work is OK, pretty busy myself.  What have you guys been up to? Traveling sure sucks now...  How is Bryn?  Are there anymore Canadian E&P Co.'s left... it seems like they have all been bought up by U.S. Kids?.. how is the House?  I noticed Anandarko... wrote down $ 464 MM because of their Canadian assets... could that be the Berkley indigestion?  I better run.. come and visit me soon.. but let's talk sooner.  best regards,  BT 
 thanks, BT 
 Are you still in Houston today? ( Tues AM) .. if so, let's grab a minute to talk about Puget... If not, pls call me when you have a moment.  Thanks, BT 
 I was going to add a footnote to this note but thought I didn't need to as I know for a fact ( by individual ) that we do not have any issues in West Gas Orig.  This note was for your information only to reflect the increased level of expectations that Mike holds his trading organization to and I support this completely.  Your work hours are not in question... nor are those of Denver, and Houston based origination. However I will reiterate that we need to get back to basics and stay focused and I will promote that message given every opportunity.  BT 
 pls print out each report please.  BT 
 just give me a call and we can set up a time.  BT 
 As always, thanks... BT 
 Jeff, Gas Daily has an article on DWR activities for purchasing gas.... do you know Pete Garris and is he the guy we want to get together with... or is Balwin's co. going to carry the ball. I remain unclear as to who actually is doing the gas buying..  F