 Yes - G-best Salon on Broadway. 
 Eric,  Attached is a spreadsheet with the price indications you asked for.  I hope it is helpful.  Let me know if there is anything else you need.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Going to Scottsdale Wednesday night for a little sun, spa, and relaxation!   Have fun in Houston - 
 I'm still going to do it.  I found out about one trip/lessons - 7 days in Austrailia (Great Barrier Reef) - October - 40 ft. Beneteau - you are ASA certified at the end.  In other words, you could rent a sailboat anywhere in the world when you are done.  However, as fun and as cool as it sounds - it may not be doable.  Also, got the name of a guy in Keemah that my friends took lessons from a few years ago.  I might give him a call - he may be expensive - they had their own boat.  I will keep you posted - 
 What is the plan for tonight?  I am leaving and going home now.  Where would you like to meet and what time? 
 Still employed?  How are you affected by this bankruptcy news? 
 Jason,  This is the lates cutomer information from Western Energy Services to serve those small customers that we talked about yesterday.  Let me know what else you need.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Does this substitute for a phone call?  Called you but got voice mail.  So tag - you're it! 713-853-0685. 
 Jay,  Out conference call with Calpeak is at 10:30 in John Arnold's office.  Will you be able to attend?  Kim 
 Have you looked at midesto yet - or was a different lawyer looking at them? 
 yes - I've been busy with work - finally got out a little this week and had a lot of fun.  Many more cute boys here. 
 june		$5.60 july		$5.64 august		$5.71 september	$5.73 october		$5.98\  let me know if you need any thing else.  K. 
 For Crisis Intervention of Houston.  It is a big gas business event.  Craig elias is heading it up.  Donna Newman is on the committee as is Mike Nolan and Linda Roberts of Enron.  I am suppose to give them a list of people and I don't know that many people. 
 Sara,  Salt River Project has attached their Schedule to the Master and their Credit support Annex to this email.  I know we have sent them our docs in the past so I don't know where this will take us.  It doesn't look like they have entered the pertinent credit information into the annex.  Are they expecting us to do this?  Please let me know what you think.  The guy that sent this to me is Mark Russell and his email address is below.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Some of these are pretty funny - 
 Hey,  Can you send over a list of people you know in this industry,  their companies and maybe their phone numbers?  For my charity golf tournament.  They were due on Tuesday.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Send me your phone list as soon as you get a chance - my fax is 713-464-2391, phone 30685. THanks,  Kim 
 Did  you get a credit worksheet from Jay for Midesto Irrigation District - for a master Enfolio?  Kim 
 Jay,  Please call me when you get a chance. I have a list of customers that we use to serve out of our Socal pool that we want back.  However, we need to establish credit.  and then maybe some contracts.  Can I do < 1 year with these guys without a master ?  Maybe use the GTC?  I need to make some $ so WE can go to Pebble beach.  Kim 
 I left a message for ginger yesterday for lunch or dinner but havn't heard back. 
 I just got your documents.  Call me. 
 PG&E city gate notional offer for 1 year out of may = $13.60 
 did you call disguised as john holmes? 
 Mark,  The best person to talk to about the ISDA is me.  I discussed an ISDA with Tim Roberts when I was in the Salt River offices on March 23rd.  A draft ISDA was sent to Bill Abraham on November 17, 1999.  I requested for a new legal review on 3/28/01.  Let me know if you need a new draft and I can send you or Tim a copy.  My number is 713-853-0685.  Thanks for your inquiry -  Kim Ward 
 I left him a couple of messages but never heard back.  I will try to follow= up again today. 
 Jim,  Are you and or Steve Thome working with Black hills?  Should we work with E= OL to get them online instead of rejected?=20  Kim 
 here it is.  Check out B.4. and the last sentence which is our shared profit language.  Call me. 
 Sara,  I would like to set up a conference call with you and my counterparts at the City of Glendale.  They have some questions regarding some currency language.  Just let me know when you are available and I will set it up with Glendale.  I'm sorry I can't be more clear - I got the information off of a voice message.  Call me if you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Dan,  An EFO is a result of parties not complying with an OFO after multiple noti= ces.  PG&E can confiscate gas if a scheduling party is not in compliance.  = The same rules apply to an EFO as an OFO.  EFO stands for Emergency flow or= der.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Chris,  Could you send me Mary @ Socal's phone number - for the very last time?  Thanks,  Kim 
 Were we able to put together an agreement for Midesto Irrigation District? 
 Chris,  The package you sent me was delayed due to weather - I should get it in am. 
 I will try to show up - since it is right down the street from my house!  Looking forward to it!  Kim 
 I couldn't find your phone number -  financial offer at PG&E City Gate for 2 years out of may is $8.97.  Add $.14 for phys.  Kim 
 I have scheduled a conference call with the Cal Peak power people and their consultants for Friday morning @ 10:30 a.m. CDT.   You are invited to join me if you would like.  Let me know if you are interested.  thanks,  Kim 
 when is the meeting and where?  thanks,  Kim 
 Here is Tucsons information.  Let me know if you need anything else.  Thanks,  Kim 
 The answer about environmentalist making it hard to build power plants in california is YES.   Even with load growth and, asset divestiture they wouldn't face the facts that the supply/demand picture was messed up.  They wanted all of the plants to be built in other states such as Arizona and Nevada.  Environmentalists (fish people) were trying to get rid of the hydro dams in the Pac NW.  It is definitely an issue they, as well as California will experience this year as the dams are only filled to 55% of normal.  This equates to approximately 3000-4000 MWh short.  Typically in the summer, the pac NW exports about 4200 MWH to California.  Guess what - there will be no exports this summer.  The light WILL go out in Cali!!!! 
 Sorry I am just now replying - busy afternoon and I'm trying to get out for the baseball game.  My roulette number is 10.  I don't know how lucky it is, but it would be the number I would pick.  Have fun in vegas -  See ya, Kim 
 Chris,  I didn't make that many changes and I didn't change the ENA profit section.  Let me know if you have any questions.  I will be on my cell phone after 4:00 p.m. here - going to opening day at Enron Field!!  Here it is - and I will have a copy and be able to discuss with you when you are ready.  Most of the desk is gone.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Yes, april 6th.  When I talked to her, she didn't think that Continental would have a seat avail for Memorial weekend, just like we said.  I think she is out. 
 Camille Gerard, a guy from the calgary office, and ja 
 mY messenger went down.  I am going with the same crew. Oh Yo 
 no.  See ya thurs. 
 Yes - if there is a spare ticket.  Boy, am I tired! 
 Tom,  Attached is your spreadsheet with the price indications that you asked for.  Call me if you need any thing else.  Kim 
 where's my email? 
 Dan,  Thanks for looking at this for me.  I did remove the phrase you mention in number 1 below.  As for a volume cap, I don't think that one is necessary in this case.  Their TW contract limits them to 1000 MMBtu/day.  Any prices that are fixed will not include TW transport charges.  Thanks again,  Kim  ps, once their board approves this term sheet, we will need to do a confirmation.  Will this be generated by you or when the deal is entered into the system? 
 Michael,  FYI, I checked the physical premium for PG&E city gate for 10 years out of 2005 and the desk quoted $.07.   Hope this is helpful.  Kim 
 Chris,  this looks good to me.  Stephanie is checking with Transwestern to see what their parking/lending fees would be for weekends, just for an idea.  I am also talking to the desk.  I will keep you posted.  Kim 
 Monica,  Attached is the previous draft contract with Grants latest wording inserted.  If you guys are agreeable, please accept the red-line changes, print 2 originals, sign, and forward to me for final execution.  I hope this is what you guys were expecting.  Please let me know if it is not so I can get with Dan.  Thanks for your help!  Kim 
 Me too!  I just got here - 
 Dan,  What is our status with the Palo Alto Agreement?  According to Monica, they are waiting on a final copy with the language that has been agreed to by both parties.  She is ready to sign.  I know that we have lost one transaction due to paper not being in place.  Can you send me the final document and I will forward to Monica?  Also, can we discuss El Paso on Tuesday?  Thanks,  Kim 
 Enron and two other counterparties 
 How was the air show? 
 Hi Jeff,  Laird gave me your name and number so that I can pass on notional price information that you asked for.  Let me know anytime you need to see our price indications and I will do what I can to help you.  I know that Laird has worked with you guys extensively.  The prices that he said you were looking at are listed below and are based on PG&E City gate prices:  Q4, 2001                			    $11.70 2 years - Jan. 2002-Dec 2003		    $ 6.80 5 years - Jan. 2002-Dec 2006		    $ 5.85 Oct. 2001 - Dec. 2003	  		    $ 7.38  I tried to call but it was after hours for you.  Give me a call and let me know where you are with your gas supply negotiations and I will try to pick up where Laird left off.  Regards,  Kim Ward 713-853-0685 
 I don't know if we want to do business with someone so unwilling to share information or provide guarantees.  Do you get any comfort from the information that you have seen or recieved?  Let me know what your opinion is.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Laird,  You can get prices from me any time - but you know I am always up for wine!!  Anyway, notional prices for Q4 at PG&E City gate are $11.65, 2 years out of  Jan., 2002 are $6.75, and 5 years out of Jan 2002 are $5.80.  Let me know if you need to do anything.  Also, what is your take on providing gas to all of these power plant developers.  I get at least one call per day from a different developer.  I am thinking that some of them will get built - for the state - but I can't determine who is worthy.  I have been short listed on PRMs RFP for Calpeak power, a sub of United Technologies.  They have no transport across Socal's or PG&E's systems (and neither do we) and United Technologies won't guarantee them 100%.  They said that they would provide "credit mechanisms built into the projects".  I asked what these mechanisms were and said that we take cash.  I haven't heard back!! Ha.  Kim 
 Barry,  FYI 
 I emailed chuck and told him we would be willing to take cash!!  I also just spoke with Ann Donnelly and she understands that if she wants us there, she will have to come up with something.  She is working on helping us establish the link between united technologies and calpeak as well as provide other info.  I will let you know what they come up with.  Thanks for your quick responses!  Kim 
 Are you going? 
 Chuck,  What would these credit support mechanism be?  We do accept cash!  Kim 
 How about lunch on Tuesday of next week - April 10th? 
 J. -  What's your take on this?  They want to meet with me on friday in San Diego to discuss a potential deal as we were short listed on the RFP to supply gas to the Calpeak power plants.  If we can't get credit established and contracts in their hands, I don't know if we want to waste our time - or money.  Let me know what you think ASAP.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Dave,  I think I mentioned this to you before, but I will also need the following attached to the ISDA:  1) duly executed tax forms ro certificates 2) evidence of authority to execute Master Agreement 3) specimen signatures (as to signatories to Master Agreement 4) financials 5) resolution to authorize execution of:  a)master agreement by specified parties and b)  all transactions under the master agreement 6) copy of  Articles of Incorporation 7) bylaws  ENA must provide the same documents to you.  You can ask Sara (pronounced Sora) questions regarding these documents once we get her on the phone.  Call me.  Kim 
 That would be cool - I get in at 5:59 pm on United from San Jose.  So how was napa?  I think that I need a napa trip sometime this year.  How was the place you stayed and where did you eat.  Did you buy any good wines?  What was your favorite? 
 Ann,  I just spoke with Jay Williams from our credit department and he only needs CalPeak's latest audited financial statements with management notes.  Any additional information that helps us understand the company and how it is set up will be helpful.  Sending this information overnight will probobly be our best bet.  My address is as follows:  1400 Smith Street, EB3206a Houston, TX  77002  Also, Jay's phone number is 713-345-3923.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Steve,  Attached is a draft copy of our master purchase/sale contract that we discussed.  Let me know if you have any questions - I will have my legal department standing by to assist.  Thanks,  Kim Ward 713-853-0685 
 Barry wants to set up lunch or dinner with you while you are here.  Just let me know if and when you would like to get together.  K. 
 I came in late because of my back - I think I am going to go to a chiropractor 
 got it.  Thanks. 
 What was the price they sold it to them for?  Dave told me about this when he did it.  It is all interuptible and no power will be sold to PD in Q3. 
 I have sent drafts to Long Beach, Glendale, Roseville, and Salt River Project.   However, I havn't received drafts for Anaheim, Los Angeles, midesto, or Arizona Public Service.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Kent,  Attached is a draft copy of our Master Purchase/Sale Agreement for physical natural gas transactions.  As I mentioned before, we can enter into transactions for less that one year out.  However, for those outside of a year and for longer terms, we need to have a master in place.  Hopefully, we can get this one in place so that we will be prepared when/if we get ready to transact.  Let me know if you have any questions.  I will have our legal guys standing by to help, too.  Thanks,  Kim Ward 
 Mike,  FINALLY, attached is the draft Master Purchase/Sale Agreement for physical natural gas transactions.  Let me know if you have any questions and if there is any thing else I can do for you -  Have a good weekend.  Kim 
 Laird,  City of Corona California planning for form a muni utility and purchase power generators.  Article in today's NGI.  Let's get 'em!  K. 
 Hi Manny & Jack,  Attached is our draft Master Purchase/Sale Agreement for physical natural gas transactions.  Once we get the ISDA signed and executed we can start on this contract.  It would be good to go ahead and get it in place so that when/if we want to do a physical deal, we won't have to worry about paper.  Did we get you everything that you need to go forward with the ISDA?  I will talk to you next week.  Have a good weekend.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Chris,  Attached is a draft copy of a Master Purchase/Sale Agreement  for physical natural gas transactions.  We are working on some of the information that Bonnie sent us and will be in touch next week with some ideas.  It would be good for us to go ahead and get things rolling with this contract so we will be prepared to enter into transactions, whether they fall within the the realm of the management services agreement or not.  Please call me with any questions you might have.  My legal guys are standing by to assist, too.  Have a good weekend -  Kim Ward 
 Chris,  The deals I do with Tom Broderick, are these volumes priced at I-.012 as well, or when I fix the prices, do I need to add a new phys premium? 
 Darla,  This is what I have been able to find so far regarding fixed prices for citizens for Feb:  50,000/mo @ $7.55 50,000/mo @ $7.96 100,000/ mo @ $9.07  we also did a deal for 1,565/day @ $7.12.  Have they given you any information that you can compare this to?  Let me know if you have any questions and I will send you a spreadsheet with all fixed price deals I have done to date.  March and april should be final.  You can send me a monthly email when you are ready to do - say - mays invoice - and I will send you everything I have done with them.  Call me with questions -  Kim 
 Roger,  I don't know if you are the one to send this to but i am starting with you - let me know what we can do to take care of this EES customer.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Kathy,  Just had another moment to say hello.  How are you and how are things?  Still busy here - and I haven't even seen Robin - I think she has given up on me!!  In fact, I think I will call her when I finish this email.  At least I know I will see her in a couple of weeks when Chris and Katie come to houston.  Wish you could come with them - that would be fun!  Still working on the man situation - it was a topic of coversation amongst my friends last night.  I will keep you posted!  Hope all is well and keep in touch!!  Love, Kim 
 I got the agreement this morning but they misspelled Roseville!!  I am having them change it and will email it to you when I get it.  Do you want me to send you a hard copy or is an email version ok with you?  Let me know -  Thanks,  Kim  PS How are things? 
 Dave,  Sorry I am just now responding - I have been very busy and lost this email but found it today.  I am in houston working my tushy off and trying to get moved into my house.  My new numbers are 713-853-0685 (w) and 713-412-4571 (c) and 713-526-7117 (h).  How are things with you? your job?  did you guys end up moving - I can't remember.  Hope all is well - and I will do better about responding to emails!  Kim 
 Dan,  Can you send a template of the GISB agreement to this guy?  thanks,  Kim 
 Dan Hyvl - we sent them a draft two/three weeks ago. 
 Also, check the salt river project one. 
 Debra,  In the contract for Roseville, you guys have it spelled Rosedale 
 WEre these sent out to the counterparties or do I need to do that? 
 Chris,  Attached is a new spreadsheet with the PG&E, Large Packages Gas Daily prices.  This price is for the PG&E topock point.  It is VERY illiquid.  The desk is going to start posting prices for it on EOL in order to add more liquidity.  As you can see, there are days where there were no prices published for this point in Gas Daily.  As for Griffith, maybe PG&E topock should be the benchmark because Citizens truly doesn't have an alternative market.  Although they can change their primary delivery point to the border, the fact is that it probobly wouldn't flow because the line is already full.  Where can Citizens actually (not theoretically) extract the greatest value for this capacity?  I disagree with Griffiths comment that this price is more reflective of the market - what market?  Very little has traded there in the past.  One issue that we/Citizens needs to think about is hedging capabilities to PG&E topock.  I know when we were talking to them about our capacity, we priced it based on the SJ/Socal spread and they were agreeable to that.  But then again, we could actually flow gas to the border.  Sorry for rambling - 
 Congratulations on a healthy new baby!  Tyler is sort of a southern name - I like it!  As for me - I got a call last November to come back and market gas in the west.  I didn't think there was much going on out there but decided to go for it for personal reasons.  got here Jan. 2 and gas had completely blown out in the west.  So far, it seems like it was a good move for me.  My house in PDX sold in 4 days and I came to Houston between Christmas and New years and found a place here.  Still trying to move in as I can't get anything done during the week!  Just had new blinds put in yesterday.  Let me know if you are ever in town - keep in touch  Kim 
 Suz - here are the details -  Arrive in PHX Wednesday, April 11 @ 7:30 p.m.  Take a taxi to the Cottonwood resort  which is $199.00/night with two double beds and I think a fold out couch.  Suites with a hot tub on a private patio.  Lots of wine drinking.  No real going out but dinner at the Terra Cotta Restaurant one night.  Lots of spa treatments and sunbathing, and magazine reading.  VERY relaxing.  We leave sunday at 1:30 pm.  Call me and let me know if you want to go!!  Kim 
 Chris,  I can't read these - but my real quesiton is - If the $.07 is a demand charge and Grigsby gets $.04, we should still get the other $.03 because it will be charged on all volumes that CAN be taken, whether they take them or not - right?? 
 Dan,  Attached is a term sheet that has been sent to Eastern New Mexico gas company to extend a four year deal that ends on April 30, 2001.  Could you look into the confirmation for this transaction?  They will be going to the board for approval at the end of next week so you have some time.  Sorry to bombard you!!  This one should be easy.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Dan,  El Paso Electric's lawyer is Will Garant and his number is 512-495-8832.  He is the one dealing with our LT contract and is familiar with the collateral issues.  Matt Henry is the lawyer that drafted their long term contract attached.  I can get his number if you need it but I think he works at the same firm as Will.  Let me know what I can do to help and if you have any questions.  Thanks again for your help.  Kim 
 ok 
 Sara,  I am available all day wednesday but will be out of the office on Thursday.  Let me know when you would like to meet.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Lynn,  I thought you might be interested in the new draft proposal for the QFs in Cali.    Kim 
 I did make it home - and I managed to catch an airplane at 8:00 the next morning, have two meetings, attend a reception, and go to dinner.  Needless to say, I was very tired by the time I got home on Friday night!!  It was a fun week for me too - I got to see people that I hadn't seen in four years.  As for the weather, you aren't missing anything here this week - cold and rainy - just like portland!  Let me know when you're around - margaritas on a patio is always fun  Kim 
 Dan,  Attached is a term sheet that has been agreed to with the City of Pasadena to extend a current deal that we have with some minor changes.  Could you help me put together the confirmation?  Please call me with any questions.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Attached is the latest term sheet for Pasadena for April through August.  Just wanted to share with you what we were going to be doing with them in the near term.  Ann, could you help me get this deal into the system?  PLEASE let me know if any of you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Thanks Bonnie,  this is very helpful information.  Myself and/or Barry Tycholiz will be in touch with Chris very soon.  Thanks again,  Kim Ward 713-853-0685 
 Dan,  Thanks for looking at this for me.  Could you recommend something not so awkward?  Sat, Sun & Mon would be the price published on Tuesday.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Dan,  Attached is some language that we are considering for a deal.  Could you take a look at is and give me the "legal" ok on it?  Or add to or Change it so that we are legally comfortable with it?  Thanks,  Kim 
 We leave for Scottsdale just two weeks from today. 
 THis looks good to me.  thanks,  Kim 
 Hey,  Go to the Enron home page and look for image center.  It should have everything you need and more for a presentation or enron "rock star" info!!  Let me know if it works for you!  Kim 
 I just got a cheesey email from George Denos - very funny!!  He wants to have margaritas when he returns to Houston.  I am laughing out loud!! 
 I can not mention how jealous I am about this trip - but here are some GREAT recommendations -  1)  Indian Springs in Calistoga, which is just on the north side of the wineries.  It has a spa and a huge mineral pool.  Also, the rooms are little bungalows.  2)  A more expensive option - which I havn't tried but comes HIGHLY recommended - Auberge du Soleil.  It has great rooms, a great spa, and great food and wine selection.  In fact, you can go to their we page @ www.aubergedusoleil.com.  You can't go wrong with either one.   Also, a restaurant that has been recommended to me is the Culinary Institute.  It is suppose to be awesome!!  The guys on the gas desk are going to cayman tomarrow - I am very jealous of that too.  Can you tell I need a break??  Let me know what you think of my suggestions - 
 MJ,  How are you?  It was good to see you when I was out there.  Things here are busy as ever!  I have some guy friends going to napa valley in a couple of weeks and they would like a recommendation for a place to stay.  I know you have stayed in napa before - do you have any recommendations?  I appreciate your travel agency services!!  I hope all is well and to see you soon.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Bob,  I had our contracts folks look into any contracts we had with LADWP.  It looks like we have something that would cover short term transactions.  However, in order to enter into a 12 month or longer transaction, we will need to put a master purchase/sale agreement in place.  I asked legal to send our standard agreement to you.  I hope that you will take a look at it.  Any questions or issues that you might have with it, you can bring to my attention and I will make sure the appropriate parties are brought into the conversation.  Also,  I have attached the prices that you asked for earlier.  Let me know if you need anything else!!  Thanks,  Kim 
 AS we discussed. 
 Call me - it looks like $20 is excessive - and I agree, the term sheet he put together is lame.  Hope these numbers are what you were looking for - 
 For your information, attached is the information that Long Beach has sent me regarding their historical load, pricing, etc.  I haven't gone through it yet but thought you should have a copy.  Kim 
   Call me if you have any questions!  Kim 
 Guys,  Attached is the latest and greatest term sheet for April through August, 2001.  Please let me know if I have addressed all of the issues we discussed.  If not, just let me know and I can fix it.  Also, for your KRS supply for April 1 -10, we are a Gas Daily minus $.50 bid.  For the 3500 fixed priced gas at the Border, we will pay Gas Daily minus $.10.  Also, for the EPNG capacity delivered to PG&E Topock, our fixed price bid is $2.10 plus variable.  Let me know what you think about these prices so I can get them in the system if we agree.  Also, call me if you have any questions!  Thanks,  Kim 
   I 
 Sara,  Attached is Salt River Projects ISDA attachments.  I know that we have previously sent them our attachments (in 1999).  Mark Russell of SRP will be contacting you to negotiate this agreement.  I hope it is ok that I have him your name.  Please let me know if there is anything that I can do to help and keep me posted on developments.  Thanks!  Kim 
 Jan,  Thanks for the email.  It is amazing what two days out of the office will do to my workload!!  I had two RFPs due yesterday - very busy!  I am going to work on our 'thoeoretical' deal that we discussed on Friday to see if there is anything there.  Hopefully, I can come up with something.  Thanks for the info on that.  Call me any time you want to discuss power - I will be glad to share with you what I know.  Thanks again for spending some time with us and hopefully we can come up with a good structure that is good for both of us!!  Have a good day -  Kim 
 The expense should have shown up on my hotel receipt and was authorized and approved by my boss.  This expense should be reimbursed. 
 Ann,  Attached is a draft of Enron's response to your request for proposals for gas supply to power generation plant in development by Calpeak Power, LLC.  As requested, Enron has provided indexed pricing with the option to convert to various fixed priced products during the term of the agreement.  The options presented are not intended to represent a complete list of opportunities, but are representative of the different pricing structures Enron offers.  There are several additional structures available  and we look forward to discussing these options with you.  Please call me with any questions you might have regarding the proposal.  I look forward to hearing from you soon.  Thanks,  Kim Ward Manager, West Gas Origination 713-853-0685 
 Desk is currently looking at this. 
 Bonnie,  Sorry I am just now getting back - I was out of the office Thurs & Fri.  What I am trying to determine is the rate that Long Beach wants to beat and what it is made up of - so I would say both transmission and commodity prices.  Let me know if you have any more questions -  Thanks,  Kim Ward 713-853-0685 
 Are we still looking at June through Oct only? 
 It was painful !  Actually made it through an airplane flight, 2 meetings, a reception, and dinner!! 
 I'm back today.  Went to Phoenix EARLY Thursday morn - got back Friday night.  All in the name of the Big E. 
 Chris,  What deal are we talking about here?  Sorry -  Kim 
 Diane,  the $198.00 room looks good!  As for Barry, he is in Canada for his grandmother's funeral.  I am waiting to hear from him and will let you know about his itenerary as soon as I can.  Thanks,  Kim  ps.  Please call me back if I didn't answer all of your questions. 
 What about tuesday, may 1? 
 Diane,  Also, could you check for reservations at the Georgian hotel in Santa Monica?  If the rates are around $250, I would like to book one for Barry Tycholiz and one for myself for the night of April 26th.  Thanks,  Kim Ward 
 Diane,  Could you check this itenerary for Barry Tycholiz but make it refundable?  Let me know what the fare is.  thanks!  Kim Ward 713-853-0685 
 Go ahead and ticket this - Do you have my continental FF number?  FN793648.  Thanks,  Kim 
 call me 713-853-0685 
 Hey sally,  I got a call from my new neighbor - steve duplantis - who wants to come over and introduce himself. 
 what is the closest airport to ivy on the shore?  and what is a good hotel? 
 Frank,  I just spoke to Jan Kennedy and they are going out for an RFP for their gas supply once our contract with them runs out.  She "recommended" that I tak e a look at your response to the last RFP because it was so good - far surpassing any of the other responses!!  If you still have a copy or a file of that response, would you mind if I took a look at it?  thanks,  Kim 
 Thanks for the email!  Sorry you can't make it to the party but you guys will have to come by some other time!!  I do like being back in houston!  There are things I miss about portland but I am happy to be back.  Lets do go to lunch - maybe next tuesday?  Let me know what you think!  Tell Patrick hello - and take care of that munchkin!!  Kim 
 Scott,  Attached is our physical firm Master Purchase/Sale Agreement for Natural Gas Transactions.  Give me a call if you have any questions.  Once we get this in place, we will be able to enter into any gas transactions and we won't have to worry about contracts.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Dan,  Most things here look good.  From my term sheet, page 1 under El Paso Capacity, what about selling them San Juan gas?  (B.)  And what about page three, number 8?  Let me know -  thanks,  Kim 
 Trip was great!!  Got some sun, some spa treatments, and drank frozen girlie drinks.  Can't wait for Cozumel!!  Any more bad dates lately?  I had one last night - a man with a little too much personality for me!! 
 Lynn,  Attached is our confirm for May.  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else!  Thanks,  Kim 
 Thanks Dan!  Kim 
 socal indicative offers:  1 year out of august = $12.76, 3 years = $8.50 , and 5 years = $7.15.  sorry but bid week is hard to just work up prices.  next week should be better.  Kim 
 Ok, I will get you a confirmation ASAP.  Thanks for looking into it.  Let me know if there are any problems or issues.  thanks,  Kim 
 offers at sumas for Jun - oct are as follows:  Jun          $5.46 Jul	$5.45 Aug	$5.495 Sep	$5.49 Oct	$5.99  Let me know if you need anything else -  Kim 
 they look good to me.  Thanks for letting me take a look!  Kim 
 Monica,  Here are the confirms for our deals we did.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Also, I have received your email regarding our meeting next week but haven't had a chance to look at it yet.  I will be in touch -  Thanks  Kim 
 Sorry, 
 Hello - so you made it back home OK?  My back is itching so I am sure that = I will peel soon.  I havn't had time to go through the hotel bill etc.  I w= ill let you know.  When are you coming back to see me ? =20  You would hate that real time job.  It is shift work - 12 hour days, 12 hou= r nights (6 pm - 6 am) and weekends and holidays.  It pretty much sucks.  A= nd Bill Williams is about 24 years old!!  But a nice and smart guy. =20 
 Laird,  Call me if you have any quesitons.  Thanks,  Kim 
 we should get financials from Knauf friday morning in the over night mail - I will keep you posted.  I think we can get this deal.  Also, we are three more deals and $100,000 closer to Pebble Beach - I sold gas to Palo Alto yesterday.  How are things coming with Willis Bennett's customers?  K./ 
 Wes,  Attached is our Master Firm Purchase/Sale agreement for physical natural gas transactions.  Let me know if you have any questions - I can have our legal team standing by to answer them.  Also, if you need any price info, just let me know.  Thanks,  Kim Ward 713-853-0685 
 Have we been able to put something together for Hanvover?  Let me know - they keep calling.  Thanks,  Kim 
 And who told you what I do when I am in Scottsdale??  Palo Alto is in Cali - Have you ever heard of Stanford University?  What do you do in Moab?  My friend Harriet was in Vail this past weekend and said it was snowing like crazy.  I don't know - maybe a second date is in order - just for kicks.  when are you coming back to houston? 
 Jeff,  If you have the tracking number for the financial info you sent, I can track it down this morning.  Let me know.  Thanks,  Kim 
 I will try to find out and let you know. 
 Hey Chris,  I don't know what these gelber guys have in mind but I thought You might be interested.  I have been working on an ISDA for about 3 weeks.  what do you think they want to do with power?  Call me when you have a minute and let me know if you want to be involved.  Kim 
 Let me know if you need anything else -  Thanks,  Kim 
 Just sold Palo Alto a cal and two winters.  Yeah!!  Who needs Duke! 
 Call me anytime - I will be here!  Looking forward to it -  Thanks,  Kim 
 There are no traders who can give my a physical offer and Palo Alto wants to transact.  doesn't that beat all?? 
 Jeff,  Attached is our sample agreement.  Our legal guys are standing by to answer any questions.  Let me know if there is anything else that you need.  Thanks,  Kim 
   ----- Original Message ----- Subject: Kids: Gotta love them!!    Thought you might enjoy a little humor from some  children who know more about relationships than some adults.  What do most people do on a date?  Dates are for having fun, and people should use them  to get to know each other.  Even boys have something to say if you listen  long enough.  --Lynette, age 8  On the first date, they just tell each other lies,  and that usually gets them interested enough to go for a second date. --Martin,  age 10  What would you do if a date was not working  out?  I'd run home and play dead.  --Craig, age  When is it okay to kiss someone?  When they're rich. --Pam,age 7  The law says you have to be eighteen, so I wouldn't  want to mess with that. --Curt, age  The rules goes like this:  If you kiss someone,  then you should marry them and have kids with them.  It's the right thing  to do. --Howard, age 8  How would the world be different if people weren't  married?  There sure would be a lot of kids to explain,  wouldn't there?  --Kelvin, age 8  What is the right age to get married?  No age is good to get married at.  You got to be  a fool to get married.  --Freddie, age 6  Is it better to be single or married?  It's better for girls to be single but not for  boys.  Boys need someone to clean up after them. --Anita, age 9  I don't know which is better, but I'll tell you one  thing, I'm never going to have sex with my wife.  I don't want to be all  grossed out. --Theodore, age 8  How do you decide who to marry?  You got to find somebody who likes the same  stuff.  Like if you like sports, she should like it that you like sports,  and she should keep the chips and dip coming.  --Alan, age 10  No person really decides before they grow up who  they're going to marry. God decides it all way before, and you get to find out  later who you're stuck with. --Kirsten, age 10  How can a stranger tell if two people are  married?  You might have to guess, based on whether they seem  to be yelling at the same kids. --Derrick, age 8  What do your mom and dad have in  common?  Both don't want any more kids.  --Lori, age  How would you make a marriage work?  Tell you wife that she looks pretty even if she looks  like a truck. --Ricky, age 10 
 Chris,  When you get a chance, I have a couple of questions about this term sheet.  i.e., 8:00 vs 8:30. 
 E.  Make sure the reservations are for the ocean blvd. patio side. ( not the patio in the back)  I hope this is not too much trouble.  We want to sit with the rock stars!!  Thanks,  Kim 
 If you guys are staying at the Auberge - it is suppose to have great food.  Also, the Culinary Institute.  when are you going? 
 Is that April 26th?  I am still trying to figure out my itenerary.   I hate traveling from Texas. 
 Thanks - you are truely a Rock Star! 
 Because  I had an updated curve for PG&E and not for Malin.  I asked the Malin trader - he hadn't updated his curves but the other guy had.   I am going to start asking so that I am consistant.  Let me know what you want to do and I will show you transactional numbers.  Thanks for letting me know.  Kim 
 Add $.50 for 6 day gas 
 J.-  Knauf just called and wants a contract ASAP.  Is there any way to look at them and get something out tomarrow??  Let me know -  THANKS!  K. 
 Socal  Jun 01                         $14.30 Jul 01                          $14.40 Aug 01                        $14.45 Sep 01                        $14.40    I hope this is helpful - let me know if you have any questions.  Kim 
 Monica,  Attached are the prices you requested - I am still waiting for the option info. As soon as I get it, I will send it to you.  Let me know if  you have any questions.  Thanks,  kim 
 I am one of the houston people - myself and 5 of my friends.  Moved back in January. 
 That price indication does reflect the time value of money - so - if bought - power in 2001 would be billed at $61/MWh.  Kim 
 Arnold,  I must have been looking at the wrong index or report.  I have now gotten access to Natural Gas Intelligent's web-site so I can give very fast and accurate prices.  I am sorry for the confusion and hope that I didn't cause a lot of trouble.  Just so you know, april was $12.56 plus the $.05 premium.  Let me know if you need anything else.  Thanks,  Kimi 
 No.  Have you talked to her?  I have been busy - my usual excuse.  I went to Scottsdale last weekend.  It was great!  What have you been up to?  K. 
 Hello everyone,  Attached is a spreadsheet showing all fixed price deals that I have done with Pasadena as well as my term sheet for February and March.  I am working with Patti and Anne Bike to make sure things are in the system as best they can be.  Please let me know if you have any questions and I will be glad to help you as much as I can.  I am out of the office until Monday.  Thanks,  Kim Ward 
 Are you the proud owner of a new house now?  When do you move in? 
 Yes, hopefully I will have it when I get back on Sunday.  I also have a phone number so I can find out when these classes are.  I will keep you posted - 
 I found a good place - Bay Area Sailing.  When you have time, go to their website - www.bayareasailing.com and let me know what you think. 
 I didn't get a fax - but if you didn't put my whole name on it - it won't get to me.  That fax is used by many!!  What is the name of the place you charter through?  I just want to let my friend know that things are in the works!!  Sailing sounds good - we can get Camille to come too.  Thanks for your help!  Kim 
 Hey Doug,  How are you?  (Do you remember me - from El Tiempo?)  Just wanted to touch base with you about sailing lessons.  Although the Austrailia trip sounds really cool - I don't think I can manage this year.  Also, I did commit to doing this with one of my friends - can't leave him in the dust!!  Anyway, can you recommend a good place for lessons in Keemah?  Maybe the place you are taking your lessons to be an instructor?  I would appreciate any recommendations!!  Going to AZ tonight - I'm sure I will run into you when I get back.  Have a great weekend,  Kim Ward 
 Call my co-worker, Phil Polsky @ 713-853-5181.  He will be ready to help you out with whatever you need.  If he can do this today - it would be good.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Tom,  Is anything going on with your customers this week?  I will be out of the office tomarrow and Friday.  Just wanted to let you know.  I will be back on Monday.  Thanks,  Kim 
 I will have it checked out.  Are you getting things ok now? 
 J -  This is some more info from willis - Thanks for looking into this.  By the way - we lost the Calpeak deal.  K. 
 would you think I was crazy if I told you I thought we were going to sell three years of gas to knauf?? 
          Dan:  To help your prepare for your meeting in Stamford, here are some thoughts.  PG&E Large Packages Index Trends  1.   PG&E Large Packages is the interconnection between El Paso/Transwestern into PG&E.  The interconnection between El Paso/Transwestern and Kern into SoCal is referred to as SoCal Border.  2.   PG&E gas supply comes in from three main pipelines:  PGT (Canada), El Paso/Transwestern (San Juan and Permian) and Kern River (Rockies).  With the exception of a few very cold days in Canada and the Northwest, the cheapest supply comes from Canada.  The other two pipes are similarly priced, based on the incremental cost of gas out of the Southwest and what options the supply has.  There is always some marginal demand for supply out of the Southwest into PG&E, but it can be a small number of only about 500,000 MMBtu/d in a shoulder month and 1,000,000 MMBtu on a peak day.  When it is a low demand day PG&E large packages will trade like Malin (PGT interconnect to PG&E).  On a peak day PG&E large packages trades like SoCal border.  3.  Effective April 1, El Paso changed the way gas moves on their system.  It used that anyone with primary delivery point capacity to PG&E could deliver into SoCal on a primary basis.  Now, if you have PG&E primary, you can only get into SoCal on an alternate delivery point basis.  Because capacity is constrained, PG&E primary capacity will generally not flow into SoCal.  Thisis why PG&E Large Packages trades at a discount to SoCal Border.  4.  PG&E large packages is the relevant index for the PP&L deal:  PG&E trades at a significant discount to SoCal because of the reasons listed above.    Anyone with primary SoCal delivery will want to go into SoCal.  This leaves the PG&E capacity as the marginal capacity that folks could use for delivery to Griffith.  If anyone owns primary delivery into SoCal they will use it there.  Citizens is offering Griffith a discount relative to these suppliers.  The good news is that PG&E delivery is still very strong because given the gas supply balance in California the marginal supply out of the southwest is needed.  5.  PG&E large packages is becoming more liquid:  Now that El Paso has changed the way gas moves on their pipeline there is a much more distinct difference between the types of capacity on El Paso.  Folks that own capacity want ways to hedge its value.  Enron has recognized this and plans to introduce the PG&E large packages point on Enron Online, our internet based trading system.  Trading volume at the PG&E point has increased in the last month and is expected to continue to increase.  This is good for Citizens as the liquidity makes the index more reflective of the market.  It also reduces the risk that the index doesn't print as has often occurred in the past.  (See historical data attached).  It also reduces the spread between the bid and offer at that point.  6.  PG&E Large Packages has gotten much stronger:  it used to be that the San Juan/SoCal Border spreads barely covered variable transport expense.  Now the demand is much stronger in CA and the transportation value has increased.   California is short storage due to growth in demand with the new power plants and the strong economy.  Although demand due to the economy is likely to fall, the new power plants and short storage position still create a very bullish situation.  For example, current valuations for the PG&E index are in the attached spreadsheet below: 
 it's all good - I was looking at the wrong file.  Sorry!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
 Got your voice mail message.  Just email your list to me.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Jeff,  Make it another $.35 instead of $.50.  Let me know what else you need.  I fI could see your model, it would help me with your model.  K. 
 I know - I was scared!  I just had to get out of there!! Some help you were - I thought we suppose to go to a martini bar -- - - - - - - - 
 What is the next closest airport.  No direct flights from San Jose.  I think dinner at Ivy on the Shore is in order.  I will tell me boss Barry he is out of luck and on his own! 
 Ola -  Hope your vacation was good!  Barry and I are planning a trip to Tucson and will tentatively be flying in from California the morning of April 27th to meet with you.  Just wanted to send you the email so that we can talk about it as soon as you get back.  We are waiting on you to buy our tickets.  Let me know.  Adios Amigo  K. 
 Miss Sloney,  When are you coming to Phoenix?  Suzanne gets in at 11:00 p.m. on Friday night and leaves sunday at 1:15.  I leave here wednesday at 6:40 on Southwest from hobby and get there at about 7:25.  I leave sunday at 10:20 a.m. ( I couldn't get a good fair when I bought my ticket for a later time.)  Let me know what's going on - I hope you can go hike camel back mountain with us!  Kimmie 
 Hey, where is the closest airport to Long Beach?  May be in town on april 26th.  Trying to get from San Jose to Long Beach. 
 I am very good!  I am coming to arizona tomarrow night.  For my spa vacation.  Phoenix man is picking me up.  (Don't tell Hansen)  Melissa was coming with me but her grandmother passed away.  Very sad.  My friend Suzanne is coming late Thursday night or early friday morning.  Maybe we could have dinner on Thursday night?  Just a though - we could touch base on thursday and see what's going on.  My cell number is 713-412-4571. 
 Where is Moab - the place where you burn your feet?  Barry is in Canada - for his grandmother' funeral.  Went out with him - too forward and outspoken for me - at least for a first date!!  And you thought I had a strong personality!!!  Going to Palo Alto Thursday - hope to get a management services deal. 
 Monica,  Attached are the price indications that you asked for.  I pulled these off of our curves and adjusted them for today's price movements.  If you would like to transact, we will have to get more refined prices approved by the desk, which shouldn't take too long.  Just let me know -  Thanks,  Kim 
 Sorry for not leaving a message - I just thought that maybe you would get an email faster.  We ended up leaving Downing a little after midnight.  Not too much later than you.  My weekend was OK.  I am tired of working on my house!  Anyway - went to the baseball game yesterday.  It was nice to be  out in the sun.  Hope your weekend was good.  And now that you have my number - you will have to be the brave one!  Kim 
 that is good news. 
 Linda,  Here is my very short list for the tournament. My friend Melissa Reese has said she will volunteer. Gas has been so crazy over the past week - I have been extremely busy! Sorry I am so late. I will continue to add or fill in blanks until you tell me I can't any more. I have been asked if there is room for sponsors - I said yes to sponsoring teams.  I will also try to gather trinkets as I get a chance.  Keep in touch -  thanks,  Kim 
 Hello 
 Linda,  Here is my very short list for the tournament.  My friend Melissa Reese has said she will volunteer.  Gas has been so crazy over the past week - I have been extremely busy!  Sorry I am so late.  I will continue to add or fill in blanks until you tell me I can't any more.  I have been asked if there is room for sponsors - I said yes to sponsoring teams.  I will also try to gather trinkets as I get a chance.  Keep in touch -  thanks,  Kim 
 Willis,  I just got off of the phone with my credit guy - He says that most of the people on this list are not public companies.  It would be very helpful and will expedite the process if you could get the latest audited financial statements, with notes, from each of these companies.  With the PG&E thing, credit is swamped, but, if I had the info in hand, I could push our cause.  Thanks,  Kim 
 You had the wrong number - 713-412-4571.  Sorry. 
 Never heard from you Friday - I was sick all weekend - didn't leave the house until yesterday.  I just hope I feel better for my trip wednesday. 
 socal indicative offers:  1 year out of august = $12.76, 3 years = $8.50 , and 5 years = $7.15.  sorry but bid week is hard to just work up prices.  next week should be better.  Kim 
 Dan,  Most things here look good.  From my term sheet, page 1 under El Paso Capacity, what about selling them San Juan gas?  (B.)  And what about page three, number 8?  Let me know -  thanks,  Kim 
 I have added Socal to the worksheet.  The prices listed are as of last night.  Nymex is up $.04 - $.05.  Basis is pretty much the same.  Let me know if you need anything else and I will let you guys know as soon as I get the option information.  thanks,  Kim 
 Jack,  Attached is a graph showing storage year by year.  We are expecting another rather large injection this week.  Cal 02 Nymex is up about $.0125 but the balance of 01 is down about a penny.  There is no weather to speak of and therefore,  no demand for physical gas - this is what is driving prices down.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Am still working on the option pricing.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Boring!  things are slow here, too.  Playing golf Fri? 
 Let me know what you want to do about a load forcast model.  thanks,  Kim 
 Hello again,  Attached is a worksheet showing price indications for Calls that are $1.00, $1.50, and $2.00 out of the money.  I priced the puts that you would sell to me as 25% and 50% of the call premiums.  I did this for Aeco, Permian, and San Juan.  Let me know if there is another way that you would like to look at them.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Hey Chris,  glad to hear from you.  I am going to try to make it by your party tomarrow night - and perhaps, bring my friend Camille.  Let me know if there is anything that I can bring.  See you then -  Kim 
 call me!  K. 
 Trip was great!!  Got some sun, some spa treatments, and drank frozen girlie drinks.  Can't wait for Cozumel!!  Any more bad dates lately?  I had one last night - a man with a little too much personality for me!! 
 You can count me in - what can I bring? 
 Suzanne had previous plans so I thought that I didn't confirm the reservation.  I will be in the Grenadine Islands on the 14th - what's the occasion?  I think we will try to come in August some time.  Will that be OK? 
 We did have fun - Camille was interested in the other Chris and wouldn't leave - I think we were loaded too.  Sorry for flirting a little too much - I don't know if you told Stanton that I hit on you until 5 in the morning or if he just read that into your story - but it drove him crazy. He called my house at 2:30 am Sunday morning very drunk and being very wierd!  Anyway, it was a great party - thanks for the invitation.  Until next time -  Kim 
 Chris,  I asked patti for the information and she never got back to  me.  Will follow up and definitely get the info tomarrow.  Sorry.  Kim. 
  call me tomarrow - do I need to send this document to legal?  K. 
 physical or financial? 
 Hey,  Here are the pictures I told you about.  This is definitely what I miss about Portland!  Again, hope you have a great day off tomarrow and that I see you again soon!  Kim 
 that's a great idea - thanks! 
 an indications is $4.53 for physical.  Let me know if you need anything else.  Basis is up today due to heat and the stage emergencies yesterday.  Still waiting on Patti - she is busy because people are out.  Will keep you posted. 
 New VERY IMPORTANT deal.  I promised parent guarantee requirements and credit and collateral term probobly in the form of an Enfolio by Thursday.  This is a power generator that we do services for in Portland.  Tracy is very familiar with this company and has reviewed their credit.  She should have all the infor you need.  If not let me know.  customer:  Wheelabrator, a subsidiary of Waste Management.  They need gas for their Lassen, California plant and HAVE to close something by next week.  I am showing them a basic structure with a baseload volume with swings being priced at gas daily.  9,000/day baseload @ Malin.  Today the fixed price is about $4.10  Is there anyway to get this done?  Please let me know so that i can pursue.  Also, can we do physical gas deals under the EEI?  We have an EEI with them.  THANKS,  Kim 
 Lynn,  Attached is our confirm for May.  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else!  Thanks,  Kim 
 Attached is my spreadsheet with the actual volumes and Gas daily prices.  Let's discuss.  thanks,  Kim 
 I know - I am so inconsiderate!  But, if you want, I will promise NEVER to do it again.  Just a little tired today- thanks goodness for the opportunity to sleep late yesterday.  How about yourself?  I usually get here between 7:30 and 8.  Today - exactly 8 o'clock!  Not much going on in the market today - I might finally go get my car tags and driver's license - but I've been saying that for 5 months now! 
 Attached is a list of the contracts that I am currently working on.  In addition, I am working with stacy dickson on a contract where by we can do business with Hesco and on a new contract with Citizens.  Let me know ifyou need anything else.  Kim 
 Rod,  As we discussed, attached is a proposal detailing a structure that might fit your natural gas needs.  Please give me a call regarding any questions you might have and I will be in touch once I hear from credit.  Thanks for your consideration,  Kim Ward 713-853-0685 
 Rod,  As we discussed, attached is a proposal detailing a structure that might fit your natural gas needs.  Please give me a call regarding any questions you might have and I will be in touch once I hear from credit.  Thanks for your consideration,  Kim Ward 713-853-0685 
 also negotiated collateral terms and force majure language with El Paso Electric to facilitate the Cal 02 deal I did with them 
 The index prices are fine and may actually be lower.  I will check with my desk.  The fixed prices are only for one year.  Five year fixed price indications for Malin are $4.12 and for PG&E city Gate are $4.77.  Let me know if you need any thing else.   Thanks,  Kim 
 I have set up a meeting in 32C2 at 1:00 pm central time to discuss the citizens deal and booking issues associated with it.  Chris, we will call you from the speaker phone in that conference room. Let me know if there are any conflicts.  thanks,  Kim 
 Monica and/or Karla,  I was out yesterday afternoon but the price for that product, all in is $5.06.  Let me know if you need it broken down and if you are still interested.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Jay,  Did you send this out to wheelabrator? Let me know - Thanks!  K. 
 Thanks Dan!  Kim 
 Phil,  Will you please send invitations to the following customer:  Monica Padilla Resource Planner Utilities Department 250 Hamilton Palo Alto, CA  94301 650-329-2592 Monica_Padilla@ci.palo-alto.ca.us  and to  Karla Dailey Resource Planner same address  650-329-2523 Karla_Dailey@ci.palo-alto.ca.us   Let me know if you have any questions or need further information.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Take a look at this and call me on my cell phone 
   Let me know if you have any questions!  Kim 
 I will call when I leave - probobly 7 or a little after.  And I promise not to keep you up TOO late! 
  We want to send them a Master - Dave will be working on this too. THANKS  Kim 
 how does this look?  will send to cogan as soon as you take a look. 
 Let me know if this is OK and if you need anything else.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Jack,  Let me know if this is OK and if there is anything else you need!  Thanks,  Kim 
 John,  Attached is a revised spreadsheet for the 19th and 26th.  call me with any questions -  thanks,  Kim 
 they look good to me.  Thanks for letting me take a look!  Kim 
 From our friends at Hesco.  Dave Fuller will be handling this account while I am out.  Kim 
 Attached are some changes I scribbled on the document that Theresa sent me for the City of Mesa.  Stacy will probobly call Debra with all of these changes.  Also attached is the term sheet for this transaction.  (Alternative one).  Dave Fuller will be working on this document and with this customer starting thursday, July 12.  I will be back on the 25th.  Also, Jan Kennedy's (the customer) email address is Jan_Kennedy@ci.mesa.az.us  thanks for your help.  Kim     ps.  I can't attach the changes but I believe Stacy has everything. 
 I have been wondering all week whether you got on the boat.  I looked at continental's specials and their weren't any for this weekend.  But if you plan ahead or are flexible on flight times, you can definitely get here for less than $200!  HOw was the rest of your trip?  Anything exciting to report?  How was your time with Turbo?  I wish it were last wednesday!  I think I am going to sell all of my belongings and live on a beach somewhere!!  Let me know what's going on!  K2  oh Yeah,  I got some pictures back and will send you some.  what is your address? 
 What did you do in Rome????  you must have had Capt. Neil.  I understand that he is a big golfer.  when did you go?  I can do lunch - what time? 
  Stephanie,  Can you help me answer John's questions regarding our capacity and deliveries to Nogales?  Thanks,  Kim 
 Stacy,  Where are we with the Mesa document?  They are extremely concerned - they must go through an act of congress to get anything signed.  thanks,  Kim 
 Darla,  Attached is the latest and greatest of my crude deal spreadsheet.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Call me when you get a chance and we can go over your questions about the June invoice as well as any other items we need to discuss.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Could you guys look into this for me?  Why would they be billed different volumes by us vs. SoCal?  Thanks,  Kim 
 I just got back in the office today after being out since the 12th.  I have forwarded your email to Patti Sullivan and Jan Sutherland.  Once I hear from them, I will let you know.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Sorry, 
 Were you able to find anything regarding BHP's guarantee? 
 Lou,  Sorry I am just now getting back to you but I have been on vacation.  Anyway, the answer to your questions is $.70 today.  That number can change with the market though.  Keep me posted on any potential gas transactions you have going on and let me know if you need any price indications.  Thanks,  Kim 
 John,  Our primary delivery point on the EP capacity is the border so it would have to flow as an alternative delivery location and would be subject to cuts.  I would like to talk to you in more detail about this with the assistance of Stephanie Miller who is the tport expert in our group.  Then you can decide how you would like to persue.  Stephanie will be available in the morning before 11:00 am CDT.  Please give me a call when you can -  Thanks,  Kim 
 Janette,  Attached is a copy of the Master agreement we have in place with you.  Please let me know if you are unable to open it.  Thanks,  Kim 
 I am in for friday too. 
 Where's my BHP doc???????????? 
 Janette,  Attached is the Parent Guaranty form that we need to get executed in order to do business.  Enron's credit department is asking for the guaranty to be for $10 million.  Let me know if you guys are agreeable to this.  Also, I need to know if the name of the guarantor is BHP BILLITON LTD.  We couldn't tell from the web site if this was correct.  Let me know if you need updated pricing.  Prices were down on the day but have moved back up.  Thanks,  Kim 713-853-0685 
 Janette,  I did leave you a voice message.  The Commodity price right now is $2.55 with a $.03 premium to schedule out of the basin and a $.05 premium to schedule the delivered volumes at the delivery point.  Also, in order to be allowed to schedule for you, we will have to get an agency agreement in place with El Paso, which could take some time.  In the case we don't get it in place to schedule for you Aug 1st, you could request El Paso to put your nom in daily until we get the agreement executed and in place.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Any status on the Citizen's updates? 
 Rolling in to work at 8:30 something? 
 Laird,  Call me if you have any quesitons.  Thanks,  Kim 
 I was working out at 5:30 this a.m.!  What's the matter with you?  Were you able to get the trailer off of your truck?  When I got home, Suzanne came and got me and we went shopping and then to the grocery store.  Went home and laid on the couch for about an hour then met Suzanne at the park for a jog.  Then she came over and we grilled steak on the grill, stir fried some veggies, had a glass of wine and watched Sex in the City.  Lonely, huh?  When does Lawrence move in?  K. 
 Janette,  We are offered at $2.69 for San Juan gas for August.  The adders for scheduling are the same.  Let me know if there is anything else that you need.  Sorry for the delay but I think we've gotten everything straightened out here.  The trader just had a computer issue.  '  Thanks,  Kim 
 what kind of breakdown?  when did I ever have a breakdown?  A mini mid-life crisis maybe (hence the belly ring).  Nothing new - stayed in town this weekend and had a fun relaxing time.  Theresa just called and wanted to know if I was going to COGA.  I had to break the bad news!  When Lisa and her current boyfriend break up - (gerald met him too) I will let you know!  So what is going on the weekend Barry is making us go up to Denver?  Should I come in on Sat - since I can't go to NYC for the US open!! 
 Sean,  Attached is a document with the changes we discussed.  Let me know how things are going with your legal staff as well as with the collateral section.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Thanks so much for sending the CDs.  I really didn't think I would ever see them again!  I take it that you are still considering coming back to windjammer.  I guess it will depend on what happens when you get home.  Kim 1, Stacy, Susie and I are considering the Poly trip in January.  I haven't been to those islands (St. Martin, St. Barts, etc.) yet so I might have to go.  I can't imagine a place better than the caribbean - I would love to see it!  So if you're not serious - don't tease me!  Take care and thanks again for the CDs - Love, K2 
 Night Shift was on Showtime Saturday afternoon - thought of you and your stellar performance of one particular scene. 
 Please call me. 
 Linda,  Hey - how are things going for you back in the real world?  I have to admit, it has been a very slow adjustment for me! Anyway, I was never able to log in to the July Jammers website and now I no longer have the invitation to join.  Do you still have the email or invitation that would allow me to join?  I can't wait to see the pictures out there!  I think Kim 1, Stacy, and Susie and I are going on the trip in January.  I have never been to those islands to I am really excited.  Wish you could join us!  I hope all is well with you - take care!  Kim 2 
 I have conference room # 3268 reserved for 3:30 today.  Steve Snyder and Tom Goudie of Hesco may be here in person.  Thanks for your participation.  Let me know if any of you have a conflict.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Jason is available at 3:30 and I agree we should get together before - do you want Jason involved?  We could meet at 3:30 and bring Hesco in at 4:00.  Let me know your thoughts.  thanks,  Kim 
 we should get financials from Knauf friday morning in the over night mail - I will keep you posted.  I think we can get this deal.  Also, we are three more deals and $100,000 closer to Pebble Beach - I sold gas to Palo Alto yesterday.  How are things coming with Willis Bennett's customers?  K./ 
 H. & C. were suppose to get back from Hawaii on Saturday.  H had to leave on Sunday for Maine but was suppose to return last night or today.  I don't have Mrs. Mauney's number but I think my mom has it if you want to call her - 901-396-0399.  Still trying to figure out this weekend.  I would love to play golf instead of go to that dumb picnic.  One problem is that I pulled the daylights out of my left hamstring and it is affecting my game.  I will keep you posted.  K. 
 Ok - we will meet at 3:30 and call hesco at 4. 
 Try kim.ward@ect.enron.com.  If that doesn't go through, just try kim.ward@enron.com.  Thanks for sending it to me!  Take care -  Kim 
 Jane,  The difference between your price indications and EOL are twofold.  One, we are showing you physical markets on the price indications and EOL is strickly financial and for a specific product.  There are many differences in these two products, depending on term, physical premiums, the trader's position, etc.  Two, the price indications that you receive are based on yesterday's markets.  EOL is a real time current market price for the specific product listed.  Give me a call if you have any more questions and we can discuss further.  thanks,  Kim 
 SMUD is buying, we are selling.  It is a fixed price call - not gas daily. 
 Here is the lastest spreadsheet of deals I have done with Citizens.  Please call if you have questions.  Thanks,  Kim 
 J.,  BHP is still in the market for Balance august San Juan.  Can we do this or can you call that guy that spiro recommended ASAP?  Please let me know.  thanks,  Kim 
 I didn't get it.  It may be because you sent it to Kim.Ward@ect.enron.com.  Sometimes that works and sometimes not. If you get a chance to try kim.ward@enron.com it would be great. Sorry for the trouble!  Thanks for helping me out!  Kim 2 
 What do you want to do with bhp for august? 
 It's official - I am coming in on Saturday, Sept. 8.  Missing the matchbox 20 concert here in houston! 
 Wes,  Attached is our Master Firm Purchase/Sale agreement for physical natural gas transactions.  Let me know if you have any questions - I can have our legal team standing by to answer them.  Also, if you need any price info, just let me know.  Thanks,  Kim Ward 713-853-0685 
 Chris,  Besides making this consistant and pretty, how does this spreadsheet look to you?  Am I leaving anything out?  According to the desk, they didn't take much during July.  Thanks,  Kim 
 I am sort of bummed about not going matchbox - but I will see them next year.  Dinner and Downtown sounds like fun, since I will be staying downtown - with no car!  Don't know when I will get there yet.  Is there anything in particular that I should come in early for?  I think fuller gets in town in the afternoon.  Should I pack my bike, skis, and golf clubs?  or just my drinking goggles? 
 any news on doing a one month deal with bhp? 
 I think he gets in around 3.  I can try to arrange the same and we can go straight there.  Where do you want to play? 
 John,  Sorry this took me so long but I had to wait for the schedulers and Janey.  Let me know how it looks to you.  Thanks for your help.  Kim 
 Trader says to just use the mid curves.  Let me know if you need anything else.  Thanks,  Kim 
  Hey,  just heard from the girls that you are now a tv star.  They saw you on some E! Entertainment special.  I am sorry to say that I missed it!  How are you and where are you?  I am assuming that you have now left the boat and are wondering your way to Austrailia.  Hope you are enjoying yourself.  I just spent the weekend in Memphis - visiting family and friends.  It was a lot of fun!  If the show runs again and I am able to see it, perhaps I will record it for you!  Have fun and keep in touch!  K2 
 What's up with BHP?  HESCO?  I was gone most of friday and feel like I was gone longer.  Call me when you get a chance.  Kim 
 Sara,  The City of Glendale is ready to set up a conference call to go over the minor changes that they would like to see in the ISDA agreement.  Would you be available to do this call with them on Wednesday afternoon?  Please let me know as soon as possible if so and what time so I can set it up with the customer.  Also, they would like an electronic verson of the opinion letter.  Can you have one sent to me?  Call me if you have any questions - x30685.  Thanks,  Kim Ward 
  Steve,  Attached is the legal opinion.  Sara Shackleton will be the attorney we meet with on your changes and she is available all Wednesday afternoon.  Do you want to say 1:30 your time, 3:30 ours?  Please confirm and I will set everything up with Stephanie.  Thanks,  Kim Ward 713-853-0685 
 Have we been able to put something together for Hanvover?  Let me know - they keep calling.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Steve,  Attached is the legal opinion.  Sara Shackleton will be the attorney we meet with on your changes and she is available all Wednesday afternoon. Do you want to say 1:30 your time, 3:30 ours?  Please confirm and I will set everything up with Stephanie.  Thanks,  Kim Ward 713-853-0685 
 We will be in Sara's office and we will call you in your office, unless there is another number you would like for us to use.  Just let me know.  Thanks,  Kim 
 We will have our conference call with Glendale at 3:30 our time on Wednesday.  Is your office OK?   Jay, if you would like to join us, you are welcome.  I don't know if any of their changes will include the credit annex or not.  Sara, Steve will also want to know what else we need from him ( I know it is listed in the doc) and when he needs to provide such.  Thanks for your assistance!  Kim Ward 
 If it is ok with you, we will meet in your office and call them.  Let me know.  Thanks, Kim 
 It was very fun - and busy.  Glad to see everyone and to hang out with Harriet and Angie for more than a few minutes.  how was your weekend?  Did you go to greenwood? 
 Ann,  Can you check on the palo alto confirms for deals that were done around the 20th of July?  I think there are about three confirms they have not received and Karla at Palo Alto is going to get in trouble internally.  thanks,  Kim Ward 
 This was hilarious!  I can't believe that you remember I have a cat!  How are things? 
   Chris,  Call me if you have any questions.  These prices are pretty much where our offers are.  Also, I didn't do anything with the physical premium.  We could probobly get is lowered.  Let me know.  thanks,  Kim 
 Anne,  I just got another phone call from Palo Alto.  They still have not received three of their confirms from deals done around the 20th of July.  They have ceased to do additional business with us until they receive these confirms.  thanks,  Kim 
 Where is Moab - the place where you burn your feet?  Barry is in Canada - for his grandmother' funeral.  Went out with him - too forward and outspoken for me - at least for a first date!!  And you thought I had a strong personality!!!  Going to Palo Alto Thursday - hope to get a management services deal. 
 Jeff,  If you have the tracking number for the financial info you sent, I can track it down this morning.  Let me know.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Any word on BHP copper?  We have a couple of days to determine whether we can transact with them or not.  Right now, they are only looking at Bal Aug, Sep, and Oct San Juan.  Let me know  Thanks,  Kim 
 What's up with this?  they are looking to lock in 12-16 months of gas prices.  We have been selling to them month to month for 6 months.  Have there been any problems?  Are we going to let them go to Amoco? 
 I just talked to Jay and he doesn't want to do a long term deal with them.  I have a call in to the consultant.  Max Jay might agree to is 3 months. 
 try dennis.holcomb@smud.org <mailto:dennis.holcomb@smud.org>  OR  dholcom@smud.org <mailto:dholcom@smud.org>.  told him he should get it tomarrow.  Thanks,  Kim 
 I don't know - maybe we should talk to Ann Bike.  I guess it should go in as an annuity.  Would you like for me to talk to Ann? 
 I would love to - I really like going to the movies but never seem to make it!  Only one stipulation though - we don't go see planet of the apes!  I heard it was REALLY bad - possibly the worst movie ever made. 
 Janette,  Could you do me a huge favor and have Vito give Jay Williams of our credit department a call.  Jay is having trouble getting through the pohone lines to you guys for some reason.  Jay has tried to track down some financial information internally and has had no luck and doesn't know where else to look.  His number is 713-345-3923.  I really do appreicate you passing this message along.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Ann will be calling you today and will set this deal up for you.  I am assuming this is for the June payment.  Kim 
 Darla,  will you send me and Ann Bike the June spreadsheet that you are working off of?  Thanks,  Kim 
 Thanks, but I meant the one related to the Griffith deal.  Do you have one? 
 I will try to find out and let you know. 
 Christopher J -  We missed you for sure!  It was a fun time.  I was glad to see everyone.  Nothing exciting took place - just a little dancing and visiting.  All went home at midnight.  Boy have we become boring in our old age!  Take care and keep in touch!  Kimberly Susan 
 J.  Please give me a call asap regarding the threshold amounts listed in Glendale's ISDA draft.  thanks,  Kim 
 I will be out October 17 - 19th.  Kim 
 I've got Travis on the phone RIGHT NOW with Hesco info.  I want to conference you in 
  This is ok with me - I take it we have used the "long form" with them in the past.  If this is the case, can we get an isda draft together for them?  Thanks,  Kim 
 Ann & Darla,  I am attaching a spreadsheet that details what should be booked and billed to Citizens under the NEW gas daily call option/transport deal to serve the Griffith plant.  It is somewhat complicated but don't be scared - I will help both of you understand what needs to be done.  Hopefully, we can set up a procedure whereby this deal can be taken care of each month.  I think we should set up a meeting to discuss.  Let me know when you guys are available - hopefully sometime monday.  Thanks,  Kim 
 what time do we need to leave to make 2:45 
 Attached are my changes  Kim 
 cubs tix 
 Jeff,  Attached is our sample agreement.  Our legal guys are standing by to answer any questions.  Let me know if there is anything else that you need.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Please call me when you get out of your meeting 
 Mark,  I used the swap model to determine the present value of what the origination would have been.  I came up with $130,188.  Let me know if you need more details.  Thanks,  kim 
  Jan,  If you guys are interested in participating in this open season, it would be just a matter of filling out paperwork and Stephanie has everything that you would need.  Let me know what other question you have or information that you might need.  Thanks,  Kim 
 I guess we need to talk about September. We need to roll the deal or I need to remove them from my socal pool by Tuesday.  What are you guys thinking? 
 Jan,  I tried to email you earlier but it didn't work.  I will be sending you another email too.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Ellen,  Since Richard is out, could you possibly help me with something when you have time?   Can you check on the monthly confirms for sales to Smurfit and let me know what we've gotten back from them and what is still out standing?  Call me if you have any quesitons.  Thanks!  Kim 
 J.  Can I roll smurfit to september?  thanks,  Kim 
 Travis,  Any news on Hesco documents?  Let me know when you think you will haev something.  Thanks,  Kim 
   ----- Original Message ----- Subject: Kids: Gotta love them!!    Thought you might enjoy a little humor from some  children who know more about relationships than some adults.  What do most people do on a date?  Dates are for having fun, and people should use them  to get to know each other.  Even boys have something to say if you listen  long enough.  --Lynette, age 8  On the first date, they just tell each other lies,  and that usually gets them interested enough to go for a second date. --Martin,  age 10  What would you do if a date was not working  out?  I'd run home and play dead.  --Craig, age  When is it okay to kiss someone?  When they're rich. --Pam,age 7  The law says you have to be eighteen, so I wouldn't  want to mess with that. --Curt, age  The rules goes like this:  If you kiss someone,  then you should marry them and have kids with them.  It's the right thing  to do. --Howard, age 8  How would the world be different if people weren't  married?  There sure would be a lot of kids to explain,  wouldn't there?  --Kelvin, age 8  What is the right age to get married?  No age is good to get married at.  You got to be  a fool to get married.  --Freddie, age 6  Is it better to be single or married?  It's better for girls to be single but not for  boys.  Boys need someone to clean up after them. --Anita, age 9  I don't know which is better, but I'll tell you one  thing, I'm never going to have sex with my wife.  I don't want to be all  grossed out. --Theodore, age 8  How do you decide who to marry?  You got to find somebody who likes the same  stuff.  Like if you like sports, she should like it that you like sports,  and she should keep the chips and dip coming.  --Alan, age 10  No person really decides before they grow up who  they're going to marry. God decides it all way before, and you get to find out  later who you're stuck with. --Kirsten, age 10  How can a stranger tell if two people are  married?  You might have to guess, based on whether they seem  to be yelling at the same kids. --Derrick, age 8  What do your mom and dad have in  common?  Both don't want any more kids.  --Lori, age  How would you make a marriage work?  Tell you wife that she looks pretty even if she looks  like a truck. --Ricky, age 10 
  Ellen,  Palo Alto is telling me that they need Enron signatures on all of the confirms that we sent them last week.  If you could print out copies and have them sent to me, I can get Barry to sign them and overnight them to Palo.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Karla,  We are printing the confirms and signing them this morning and will fax them to you soon after.  If a faxed signed copy is not ok, please let me know and we will send you originals overnight.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Steve,  Let me know if you have any questions - I can get the lawyer on the phone.  Also, once I get that master, I will pass it on to you.  thanks,  Kim 
 I never heard from you regarding this.  What's up?  Also, I left you a message regarding Hesco this morning.  Please call -  Kim 
 Tricia Tlapek has been bugging me about this for two weeks now so here it is.  maybe you can use it.  Kim 
 Here they are.  I figured that Jan. 19th deal out.  Call me with any questions.  Thanks  Kim 
 Darla,  I did run across some missing NSP deals for June and July and some price mismatches for a couple of NSP deals for July.  For June, 3000/day priced at $4.70 and fior July. 3,100/day priced at $4.79.  Also, I am resending you July and the Yellow highlights show the two deals that I don't agree with the price.  Call me with quesitons  Thanks,  Kim 
 Darla,  I have revised the spreadsheet I have been sending you with the fixed prices for the citizens deal.  Let me know if you have any questions or would like to see additional enhancements.  As deals are done, I will continue to update this spreadsheet.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Steve,  Attached is a term sheet describing our proposal for September.  The changes are highlighted in yellow.  One of the things you guys might be interested in looking at long term is extending the current fixed price deals that you have and blending the price.  Another is a peaking option or cap.  We can talk about these things on the phone. Give me a call when you have a chance to review the term sheet and let me know what you guys want to do.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Debra,  What is the status of this document?  Customer is asking for it.  Please let me know -  Thanks,  Kim 
 Chris,  When you get a chance, I have a couple of questions about this term sheet.  i.e., 8:00 vs 8:30. 
            I think this is everything.  I will also forward more info if I can find it.  Thanks,  Kim 
 ok - not a problem.  Kim 
 Steve,  I need your help with something.  I want to look at Pasadena's load profile and am having trouble obtaining this.  Is it possible for you to send me your actual daily burns for up to the past two years?  This would be helpful in assisting you with your risk management needs and with structuring products specifically for Pasadena.  Let me know if you can help.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Karla,  I don't see the attachment.  Could you send it again?  Thanks,  Kim 
 Janine,  Attached is a new spreadsheet detailing what Palo Alto's July invoice should include.  However, I would like to get together with you again to go over the information that you have and have some of the volumes in the system corrected.  Please give me a call when you are ready to work on this invoice and we can get together then.  I am available for the rest of the week.  Thanks,  Kim 
 Funny - I get an email from you and Keith Aaron on the same day!  Not much going on - just settling down and staying home a while since I traveled non-stop June and July.  I have planned to go to Aruba in October (16th - 20) and then to St. Martin etal in January.Come to Aruba and bring frie