 I have another meeting from 2:00 - 3:00pm.  I would only be available for the first 30 minutes. 
 TK, since you, Steve and I are traveling tomorrow, could you work with Lynn to schedule this meeting for Wednesday.  You, for sure, need to be there.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Thanks, Audrey!  Kim. 
 Steve,  While I am checking on this items we discussed, here is a draft copy of both proposals.  Please note that I have given them 60 days to respond.  That may be too long for the Red Rock proposal.  Let me know if you would like one or both timeframes changed.  I'll visit with you by voice mail as I get an answer from Dennis Tu.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Thanks for letting me know.  I'm glad you have everything back.  How are you doing?  K. 
 I'm in ECN1346.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Thanks for the chuckle! Kim. 
 Ron, here it is.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Unfortunately, I have a customer dinner planned for this evening.  I will let you know if my plans change.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Audrey,  I have booked the following appts this week.  Would you pls. add to my calendar.  Thanks, K. :>)  Tues 11/27        9:00 Kevin Howard - Trans Pecos, 10:30 Paul Y'Barbo - Avail. Capacity, 11:30 Lunch Fran Fagan, 1:30 Denis Alters - Fac Planning Priority list Wed 11/28 	11:30 Lunch Krishna Mon 12/3 	3:00 Meeting with Burlington - their offices Wed 12/4	11:30 Lunch Frank Bay Wed 12/5	2:00 Reliant Weather Deriv. Meeting 
 Lee,  Here is the Agave I/C agreement.  I made a few changes.  Please review:  Para 1:  Agave....a New Mexico corporation... Article 2.1:  term of ...five (5) years Article 3.3:  New paragraph.  Please wordsmith as necessary.  Also, notice the weird indentation on 3.1 and 3.2.  Can you help this? Article 8.5:  filled in detail on Agave contacts as per their request.  Let me know.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Kevin,  We can meet at 3:00pm in EB1336.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Hi Kirk,  I just wanted to check on you and see how the approval process was going.  Have you heard from the ACC Commissioners yet?  Please let me know if we can do anything for you.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Thanks Lindy.  Have a good time in sunny California!  K. 
 This is a sweet note.  Let me know what he says.  K. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Lee,  Please look this over.  This is the Questar I/C agreement for the east leg of the Southern Trails Leg.  Let me know if I can send it out.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Lorraine,  Here are the proposals that we sent to SW Gas last week.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Steve,  FYI, Kirk did not have good news on the approval for Big Sandy yesterday, but it looks like they have Plan B moving forward.  I will stay in touch with Kirk and keep you posted.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Kirk,  Well, I am sorry that the project was denied a permit yesterday.  I know that you (and many others) have worked very hard on this project.  Transwestern is still very interested in having Big Sandy connect to our pipe.  I will stay in touch with you over the next few months, but please don't hesitate to call me if there is anything we can do to help you.  Thanks for keeping me posted, Kim. 
 Ron, FYI, Kim. 
 Thanks!  This is great news!  K. 
 Steve and Teb,  Please find attached the agreement for Questar Southern Trails I/C with TW in the San Juan Hub.  It is very standard, just like the Agave agreement.  Fully reimbuseable.  Please let me know if you have any comments.  Thanks, Kim. X33098 
 Larry,  Please take a look at this spreadsheet.  I welcome and encourage any and all comments you may have on this.  Please feel free to make changes my wording as well as the spreadsheet itself.  As we move this forward, I will want to attach a current version of your NYMEX Technical Update.  Many, many thanks for all of your help and support on this matter!  Kim. 
 Blair, per my voice mail message.  If you can, would you please review and let me know if you have any comments.  It is a very standard, fully reimusable I/C.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Dear Gaylen and Jodi,  Attached, please find the Questar Southern Trails Interconnect Agreement and drawing of its location in the San Juan area.  The estimated cost of the interconnect is $702,000.  This cost estimate is what we call a "Level A" which means it is + or - 30%.  Once we execute the agreement, we will perform a "Level B" which will narrow the cost range.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions or comments.  Thanks,  Kim.     P.S.   I'm having trouble attaching the drawing.  I will send it under separate cover. 
 Dear Gaylen and Jodi,  I was having technical difficulty in sending this drawing with the I/C agreement.  Here it is.  Please let us know if you have any questions.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Yes, I will wait for you.  Thanks, Kim. 
 I wanted to send a note to let everyone know that the rate for the firm transportation agreement with Agave (K#26490 & #26606) increases by $0.01 for all volumes west and east effective November 1, 2001 through October 31, 2003 as follows:   New Rate For West Flow volumes of 70,000 MMBtu/d - $0.15 (#26490) For East Flow volumes of 40,000 MMBtu/d - $0.07  (#26606)  If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to call me.  Thanks,  Kim   X33098 
 Glen,  Interesting reading from one of our customers. Kim. 
 Glen,  This is very interesting reading.  Please read this (sorry, it's kind of long) and let me know if it meshes with what you think is happening in California.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Larry, here is draft #2.  Again, many thanks!  K. 
 Lorraine,  When you get back in the office, let's talk about the new interest to connect into the SJ Hub.  I, too, have a few customers who are interested in connecting into the Hub.  We should generally discuss this from a big picture perspective so we can understand the total limitations of the Hub and lay out our strategy for moving forward.  Also, FYI, in your EDG comment below, our pipeline profile has all the lat/long locations specified if that helps identify the locations best for power plant sites.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Jean,  all is correct except that Steve Harris should get two flat screens instead of Michelle and me getting a third panel.  However, I did want to mention to you that I would like for Michelle to have a third flat screen since she handles all of our EOL transactions thereby giving her a screen for Dashboard/Pipeline Profile, Outlook and EOL.  Is there an extra one around for her?  Many thanks, Kim 
 FYI, Kim. 
 I do not believe that I am familiar with this company.  Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Jo,  Here is a copy of the open season that is being posted late today for a TW expansion from San Juan to Phoenix and California.  Please mention it in the morning meeting tomorrow since we are off campus in a strategy meeting, and we will walk through it with everyone in the Friday morning meeting.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Thank you, Audrey.  By the way, the marketing team is off campus tomorrow in a strategy session with Facility Planning.  Call me on the cell phone if you need me or anyone else on the team. (713 416 5059).  Thanks, Kim. 
 Jerry,  Unfortunately, our marketing department is off campus tomorrow with are Fac= ility Planning group and will be unable to attend.  We will catch you next = month.=20  Thanks, Kim.=20 
 Kay,  Thanks for the update.  Actually, I did not realize that Jeff's computer had Prophet X on it.  I would like to get together with you in the next few days and discuss the software package with you.  We may indeed wish to keep a user on it but I would like to understand it better.  I'm out of the office tomorrow, but will be back in on Thursday.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Paul,  Just in case we need bigger translations, see below.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Thank you, Randy.  Kim. 
 Lee and Denise,  FYI, Kim. 
 Steve, FYI.  Kim. 
 Thanks for the future dates.  I'll try not to schedule any more conflicts w= ith this time......    :>).    Kim. 
 I'll will try to have them by 4:00pm.  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 You bet!  Can we meet at 11:20 or 11:30?  I would like to be back for a 1:00 pm meeting.  Have you been to Daily Review Cafe lately?  It is just outside of Downtown off of Dallas St.  I would be happy to drive.  Thanks, Kim. 
 How about we meet you at the Met.  Lindy and I will be in the 3AC until lunch.  Meet you there at 11:30. \ Thanks, Kim. 
 Amy,  Thank you so much for sending these to me.  They are very useful.  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, an update from the CEC on the infrastructure issues.  Kim. 
 Here they are.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Thank you, Randy.  Lee did find someone to translate the last few lines.  Thank your for your assistance.  Thanks, Kim. 
 John and Sean,  Attached, please find the Transwestern Sun Devil Open Season Document.  Please don't hesitate to call me if you have any questions.  John, it was great talking with you again.  Thanks, Kim Watson (713) 853-3098 
 FYI, I think this was originally sent to me from Paul.  It looks like it is a 13 hr. drive from Palermo to Florence.  Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 you bet!  How about Wed. August 15?  Kim. 
 Dot,  I'm so glad you know what the problem is.  My brother had a similar micro-surgery last year.  He went home on the same day and was only off work for a couple of days.  Will you be able to start a rehab program/routine after surgery?  Is your doctor comfortable with you traveling to Italy this fall or will it be a wait and see situation to see how you are doing post surgery?  Keep me posted.  Thanks, Kim. 
 5,000 for Cal 02 hedged at $3.46.  Kim.  (Theresa executed for us) 
 Sorry, my earlier email message to you failed and returned to me.  We transacted 5,000 EP Permian at $3.46 for Cal 02.  Kim. 
 Kirk,  Here is the open season document on our Sun Devil Expansion Project.  Have a great weekend!  Kim. 
 I think she is on vacation most of next week.  Is it possible to talk with Julie or the other assistants to figure out the costs just to have a ball park place holder until Linda comes back?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Jean,  This does not look cool.  Who should I report this to?  How did these people get my email address?  Thanks, Kim. 
 I think so, but how can I tell? 
 Dan,  Here is the Sun Devil Expansion Project information.  Please review and give me a call at your convience to discuss.  We also have some space left from our Red Rock Expansion that we can discuss as well.  Thank you for your interest and I look forward to working with you.  Kim Watson 713 853-3098 
 Audrey,  Would you please send 3 maps to:  BP - IGI Resources, Inc. Kirk L. Ketcherside 7241 Sanderling Court Carlsbad, CA 92009  Also, for our records, his phone number is 760 918 0001, fax 760 918 0003 and his email ketchekl@bp.com  Thanks, Kim 
 We are tracking this one down.  I'll keep you posted.  Kim. 
 Steve,  Do you want Audrey to have one or two flat screens on her desk?  Kim. 
 Gary,  I just wanted to get back with you on the Salt Dome Storage question you asked earlier.  I have not been able to find anyone in TW who has knowledge of exploring it, but per Kevin's recent message, it looks like SWG is beginning to pursue it.  Do you have any comments or thoughts?  I will be in Omaha on Thursday of this week for a RM meeting, maybe we can hook up for a few minutes and visit about this.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Thank you!  Kim.  :>) 
 Amy,  Here is the Open Season Document on our Sun Devil Expansion.  Please call me if you have any questions.  Thanks, Kim. 
 I've got it!  Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Here is our list from the strategy meeting.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Palu,  Are we getting a portion of the 49C2 conference video?  We are getting something from one of the video rooms.  any ideas?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Lindy, I will be travelling to Farmington and Artesia on this day.  I will just catch up with you along the road.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Dave,  May I ask you to take a look at this spreadsheet, please?  Steve and I are hoping to connect up with Danny tomorrow afternoon and discuss both our fuel strategy and our Index to Index Deal strategy.  I have put together some numbers on the I to I deals, but I would like to discuss them with you to make sure I am not missing anything.  Although Larry Pavlou is on vacation tomorrow, he will be conferenced into our meeting.  You are also welcome to join our meeting if you are available.  I believe that we are meeting at 1:30 tomorrow afternoon. 
 Janell, FYI,  John and I emailed the Hotel Mozart in Rome for availability.  I'll let you know if I hear something.  Have a great day!  K. 
 I'll come see you after lunch.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Stephanie,  Here is the Sun Devil Expansion Package.  Please review and forward on to those in your group who may have an interest.  We would be happy to discuss this expansion opportunity with you at your convenience.  Thanks, Kim. X33098 
 Audrey,  I have been in the office the whole pay period.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Lorraine,  Do we need to put this in the 2002 Capital Budget?  Kim. 
 Audrey, you are so kind.  Thank you for driving this for me!  K. 
 Larry, here they are.    Also, have your technical analysis handy.  Thanks, K. 
 C- Here is the Sun Devil Open Season Expansion Project.  Take a look and I'll give you a call late this afternoon to discuss.  Have a great day.  Thanks, Kim. 
 I think this date looks good.  K. 
 Martha,  What is this?  I thought Bobby was permanent many months ago?  What did I miss?   K. 
 Tiny, Jeff and Mansoor,  Please see the schedule for our meeting with Questar on Tuesday.  Mansoor and I will be arriving into Farmington from Albuquerque at 12:40.  We can meet you guys at the Williams plant site near the 1:00 timeframe.  Jeff, I apologize that I have not spoken with you yet about a possible interconnect with Southern Trails, I will try to call you tomorrow so we can discuss.  If you schedule permits, I would very much like for you to attend this meeting with us.  Many thanks,  Kim Watson 
 Steve,  FYI, I am still interviewing candidates.  Fran is actually trying to set up about 7 interviews for me.  I will keep you posted.  Thanks, Kim. 
 I would like to attend the Legal Essentials for Managers training on August 22.  Thank you, Kim Watson X33098 
 Audrey,  Here are our bullets for the week.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Audrey,  I will be able to attend.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Steve,  FYI, on Larry's NYMEX update.  Kim. 
 J, you are too funny!  I am always entertained by the wonderful way in which you express yourself in these emails.  You make me laugh.  ILY, HA!  K. 
 John,  I will be travelling on Wednesday with Mansoor to see Questar and Agave and will not be in the office to attend this meeting.  I would like to ask Lorraine Lindberg to be involved in this meeting in my absence.  Lorraine, would you be available to attend this meeting for our team regarding capacity on the mainline?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Susan, thank you for the invite, but I will be travelling on Wednesday and will not be able to attend.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Morgan, I am on the road on Tues and Wed back on Thursday.  I would love to see everyone's handy work if people can wait that long.  Otherwise, can you keep it in your office until I return?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Miranda,  Will it be possible to reschedule my time for this training?  I just learned that I will be out of town on Wednesday.  Do you have any time next week available?  I am sorry for any inconvenience this may cause.  Thank you,  Kim Watson. X33098 
 Pilar and Martha,  I am sorry I will be unable to attend.  I do not return to town until Wed. evening.  Thanks, Kim. 
 John,  Hi, I got your voice mail while I was out of town.  I am out of town tomorrow, but I am coming to Omaha on Wed eve. and will be in the office on Thursday.  Can we talk for a while on Thursday afternoon to discuss USGT?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Jean,  Another fraud.....Thanks, Kim. 
 Jan,  Thank you for keeping this up to date!  Kim. 
 Yes, I will need everyone's passport for possible reservations on a ferry.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Audrey,  Here are my bullets for the week. Michelle may have one more bullet to add to the Current Week Activity section if she closes her deal for September with Burlington.  Thanks, I'll give you a call somewhere along the road.  Kim 
 Rich,  Thank you for keeping us in the loop on this unit.  Kim. 
 Audrey, I added one more bullet from the earlier version I sent you.  Please work from this one.  Michelle, please fill in the appropriate volume amount for the volume affected on the Gallup compressor outtage.  Also, per my voicemail to you, please check with Palu on the highlighted blue bullets to confirm that your two bullets are not already included in the numbers that Jan gave me on her bullet.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Audrey,  email from home works differently than the office.  I hope this attaches this time.  Sorry.  Thanks, Kim. 
 I got it....Kim Watson 
 Theresa,  FYI, Let's talk on Wednesday.  I'm in Dallas tomorrow.  Thanks, Kim. 
 I have a tentative Spires Board meeting.  I should know in the next week or so if that is a firm date.  If it is not, then I would love to be at Perry's with you.  ILY, K. 
 I probably prefer the 3 or 17.  Let's get the rest of our invites together this weekend.  ILY, K. 
 Steve,=20  Darrell informed Burlington late on Friday that we will have an unplanned o= utage next week for two days.  We will talk with their commercial folks on = Monday morning to make sure that they are in the loop.  We anticipate that = we can be back online by September business so Burlington can proceed ahead= with their September business as usual.  We will also talk with the other = SJ players to help fill the gap so that we can maintain 800,000MMBtu/d down= the lateral while Burlington is down. =20  Thanks, Kim.  =20  =20 
 I love this report.  How often will you send this out?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Jan, FYI, on remaining outages for 2001.  Thanks, Kim. 
 What do I need to do with this?  Should we be talking to our customers?  Are we all in agreement as to our position?   I just want to make sure that I'm not letting anything slip through the crack.  Thanks, Kim. 
 How was this meeting?  Any additional capacity identified?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Michelle,  Did everything get paid?  Is all resolved?  Thanks, Kim. 
 I was informed by Lone Star that they have not completed their transaction with Sid Richardson and they will continue to take deliveries from TW until further notice.  (I suspect that they may not sell this asset, after all.)  Assume no sale for now, I will keep you posted if anything changes.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Dan,  I do not understand what this message means.  Please advise.  Kim. 
 Yes, I will attend.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Michelle,  Any luck helping Debbie with this?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Audrey, one more name in addition to the ones I've already given you.... please add Elizabeth Brown on the invite list.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Tiny,  Thank you for taking time out of your busy schedule to come to Houston to attend this.  TW is assured the best success when all key departments are part of the strategy.  I have always appreciated your input and your enthusiasm for success.  Thanks, Kim. 
 I would like to attend the 10/31 session.  Will the training be in the morning?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Mary, I got your voicemail last week.  I am so glad you guys had a great time.  John and I leave for Italy at the end of the month for two weeks.  I am very ready........Will you be coming to Houston this fall?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Steve and Dave,  As a follow up from our meeting on August 16, we all had the question about= what, if any, price risk we had on the fuel portion of the Index to Index = deals.  Here are my thoughts...  For purposes of this discussion, let's just talk about how the Dynegy, San = Juan to SoCal Needles firm transport for 35,000 MMBtu/d for Calendar 2003 c= ould impact our fuel risk.  Dynegy will not be giving us fuel in-kind for t= his transaction.  All fuel needed for scheduled volumes on this contract wi= ll have to be provided by TW.   In a normal year TW over collects approxima= tely 25,000 MMBtu/d in fuel.  Because we will now need some of this over co= llected amount to provide the fuel for the Dynegy deal, we actually have so= mething less than the 25,000 MMBtu/d for the total 2003 fuel over collectio= n.  To make the math easy to follow for purposes of discussion, let's assum= e after all of the Index to Index deals for 2003, we will only have 20,000 = MMBtu/d of over collected fuel on the system.  We will need the remaining 5= ,000 MMBtu/d as fuel for the Index to Index deals.  Let's also assume that = we have hedged or plan to hedge (by means of the whole calendar year, seaso= nally or monthly) the 20,000 MMBtu/d of 2003 over collected fuel.  The rema= ining 5,000 MMBtu/d of over collected unhedged fuel is what will be used to= provide the fuel for the Dynegy deal. =20  It is my thought that the price risk question surrounds the 5,000 MMBtu/d o= f the remaining over collected fuel that is not hedged.   On any day where = Dynegy would schedule the full 35,000 MMBtu/d to flow, the fuel actually bu= rned on that day for Dynegy would have the same value as all other shippers= who provided in-kind fuel on that same day.  The other shipper's in-kind f= uel (I'm referring to the 5,000 MMBtu/d that is not hedged) is what is actu= ally used to provide fuel for Dynegy.  On this particular day, we do not ha= ve additional adverse price risk.  However, on any day that Dynegy does not= have the full 35,000 MMBtu/d scheduled to flow, we have an opportunity los= s on the value of this fuel.  If Dynegy does not flow all or any volumes on= their contract on any given day, there is no fuel burned.  This means that= we now have extra gas, that was not previously hedged, in the pipe provide= d by the other in-kind shippers that we do not need for Dynegy on this part= icular day.  Now we are subject to selling this extra gas at current cash p= rices verses having the ability to hedge this volume ahead of time at a pri= ce that we felt meet our fuel hedging strategy, thus creating an opportunit= y loss. =20  Would you agree that our risk is when Dynegy does not flow?  Would you agre= e that there is no additional price risk when Dynegy does flow? =20  Thanks, Kim. 
 Rich,  Can you help us in defining how we can participate in the Laguna festival?  Steve, TK and I are available to participate on Tuesday, Sept. 18.  We would have to be able to leave Albuquerque around the noon hour on Wednesday, Sept. 19.  Thanks, Kim. 
 pricing are falling more.....Cal 02 is now $3.27.  EOL still does not have Perm Basis posted for Cal 02, but we suspect that it is in the $.11-.14 range.  FYI. 
 In talking with Larry and Morgan, it is a belief that there will be people covering short positions by tomorrow or Wed before the close of Sept. contracts and AGA on Wed, we could see a pop back up in the next 48....Shall we watch it?  Kim 
 In talking with Larry and Morgan, it is a belief that there will be people covering short positions by tomorrow or Wed before the close of Sept. contracts and AGA on Wed, we could see a pop back up in the next 48....Shall we just watch it?  Kim 
 Gerry,  Lindy and I are going to tag team on this.  She and I will get together on the results of these meetings.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Michelle, please respond to Ava if you would like to attend.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Yikes, another message.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Hey guys and girls,  Janell has a Sheraton on the outskirts of town booked on the front end of t= he trip.  I sent 17 faxes this morning to hotels in the city center looking= for something closer to our sights.  I received an immediate response from= the Hotel Condotti.  They have 3 standard rooms available.  I believe it i= s a 3+ star hotel (I'm guessing from the prices they charge).  From the art= icle in my book, they have recently remodeled.  They are located near our H= otel Firenze between the Spanish Steps and Plaza Del Popolo.  The rate is 4= 30,000 Lire (approximately $215).  It's $25 more than the Sheraton but we w= on't have to taxi between the city center and the outskirts of town which g= ives us more flexibility to easily scoot back to the hotel as we fade with = jetlag and eat dinner in town after a nap.  They also have a 72 hour cancel= lation policy (there could be a slight fee to cancel, their fax just says t= hey have a 72 hour cancellation fee), if we are OK, I'll confirm this cance= llation with our reservation. =20  I think we should go with this.  I'm not sure how fast I'll hear from the o= thers, if at all.=20  Please let me know your thoughts ASAP. =20  Thanks, Kim. 
 11:30 in the lobby sounds fine.  I would be happy to drive.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Yes, I will be there.  Thanks, Kim. 
 John,  I will be able to make the Thursday meeting.  I will be out of the office on Friday afternoon.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Steve,   FYI, prices this morning are still hanging in the $3.10-3.13 range for Permian Cal 02.  We are watching it closely.  I'll keep you posted if it starts to rally back up.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Steve,  We have a contract extension for Sempra, 30,000/d from La Plata to I/B Link extending it from 12/31/01 to 12/31/02.  Max rate.  Standard language.  I would like to approve this contract in your absence.  Legal and Regulatory have already approved.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Rich,  My fax number is 713 646-4095.  Thanks, Kim  Will you be there, also? 
 I will approve Sempra deal.  Danny is out of the office today, but he will be in tomorrow.  I'll still keep you posted on prices if they begin to move.  Thanks, Kim. 
 J, D, P and J,  Here is a previous email from the travel agency regarding car and ferry info.  I have asked Dee to book the overnight ferry from Palermo to Naples.  I believe that we still have a 6 hour drive to Lucca, but that will put us there sooner than the overnight ferry to Livorno with a 2 hour drive.  She is also confirming the car and rate for us (approx $742 for each car).  FYI, I have received a few more faxes from available Rome Hotels, but none of them have a better location that what we have booked and a few of them were even more expensive than what we have booked.  Janell is on the hunt for a Florence hotel.  I will prepare faxes in mass for Florence tonight and send them out tomorrow.  Dorothy called me yesterday and wanted to know how our plans are coming.  She and Tom are very sad that they will not be able to join us.  I told her we will drink for them everyday and have them in our thoughts.  She is doing well and hopes to return to the office in about three weeks on a part time basis.  Also, John and I are confirmed in a Rome hotel for the 11th-13th which is only about 5 blocks from the train station where we will return the cars.  We can put everyone's luggage in our room when we return to Rome and have a nice dinner before you guys taxi to the airport to return home.  I will keep you posted as we hear more.  Thanks, Kim. 
 John, FYI, I'll let you know when I hear from her.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Steve,  James ran numbers.  $.22 for 10 yr. for 43,300/d is a DCF of 16.57% with no resubscriptions.  This looks better than any of the 5 year cases on either a 120/d case or 150/d case.  Thoughts?  We have not approached Duke with a 10 yr term yet.  Thanks, Kim and Michelle 
 Audrey,  Would you please set up a meeting for me on Wednesday (tomorrow) to discuss the Griffith plant and some of the problems we have been having lately with respect to TW's responsibilities, EAMR's responsibilities and Trigon's responsibilities.  (Please share this meeting purpose in the email notice of this meeting.)  We would like to meet from 3:00 to 4:00 pm, we need a conference room in Houston with the ability to conference in several other locations.  In addition to the names below, please include Don Hawkins, Sarabeth Smith, Donna Scott, Dennis Alters, Darrell Schoolcraft and me.  Many thanks,  Kim :>) 
 Are you online?  MSN shows you not logged in.  BTW, my car is ready.  I will pick it up tonight.  It was the starter.  $550 (includes a new battery).  FYI, ILY, K.  PS.  I will keep you posted on the ferry poll.  I still vote for arriving in Lucca earlier in the day, only because if we don't arrive untill evening, then we will spend the whole next day in Lucca instead of getting to Florence.  I'm trying to keep us (you and me) whole for 2 - 2.5 shopping days in Florence before heading to Rome.  K. 
 Do you have a problem if I call Duke tonight to initiate a 10 year discussion? 
 I talked with Russ.  I told him if he wanted a 5 year, we needed $.26.  We could consider going a little lower if he extended his term to 10 years....I told him we really need $.24 to make it work for 10.  He will run the numbers and call me in the morning.   Kim. 
 Jo, here is the message on the EPNG Marketing Affiliate case. =20  Thanks, Kim. 
 Great, would you reply that we may need up to six chairs, but we will know the exact count within the next week.  Also, ask her about a table cloth to see if we can borrow it.  Thanks, Kim. 
 I will ask Audrey to coordinate our calendars for marketing.  We will let you know.  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Hey guys,  We got our first response to a Florence Hotel.  Please read this message and take a look at the attached links to their hotel website to get a feel for the location.  Janell and I think that it is close enough to the city center, but we are open to fresh eyes.  Let me know your thoughts.  I sent about 12 faxes this morning, this is the first to respond.  Janell has personally called about 8 hotels in Florence and they have all been fully booked.  Let me know what you think.  Thanks, Kim. 
 J, are you interested in this?  K. 
 9:00 works best for me.  I can swirl other stuff for 10:00, I would not be able to do 11:00.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Another response.  I think it is further away than Hotel City?  Can anyone look at a map and tell us?  It's crazy at the office today and I won't have time.  Thanks, Kim. 
 10 yr. deal not looking good.  I have a call into Russ about taking some of the resubscrip space that starts 6/03. 
 FYI, on resubscription space, if we sell 2,000 6/03 and incr.to a total of 7,000 4/04 thru 5/31/07 at $.22, to keep a 15% DCF we have to sell the 43,300 at $.218. 
 Paul,  I think this bounced back to me.  Sorry.  Kim. 
 Darell, this works fine for me.  Where do yo want the Houston folks to go?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Audrey, please review.  It looks OK to me.  Do you have any more suggestions?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Jerry, you can remove me from your distribution of NNG only outage reports.= Thanks for all of your help and coordination on the TW outages.  Kim. =20 
 Jan, do you want to be on this distribution list?  Please let Craig know if you do.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Sasha,  Thank you so much for all of your help in coordinating this important meeting for us.  As you prepare the memo, here are the names we would like it distributed to (Morgan, please confirm that I have listed the names from your department correctly and completely):  John Keller Morgan Gosssponer Eric Faucheaux Perry Frazier Mansoor Abdmoulaie Ron Matthews Gale Ramsaran Dennis Alters Buzz Smith Matt Hughes Ben Asante Darrell Schoolcraft Rich Jolly David Roensch Steve Harris TK Lohman Michelle Lokay Lorraine Lindberg Tracy Geaconne Lindy Donoho Kim Watson  I will be in Omaha this afternoon and tomorrow, so if you have a draft ready for us to review, just email it back to us.  I will check my email tomorrow and get back with you soon.  Many thanks, Kim. 
 Audrey, I took 1/2 day on 8/17 and I'm taking 1/2 day on 8/31.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Donna, would you please check this distribution list and let me know if you think we might have accidentally omitted someone that should have received an invite?  I don't want to leave anyone out that should come.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Audrey, I think I know the schedule for the Laguna Festival.  Let's get together tomorrow and discuss.  Also, I will need airline tickets to San Antonio for late next week.  Thanks, Kim. 
 I'm sorry to keep changing my mind, but I would now like to attend the 10/17 class.  Fran informed me of another Leadership training class that is on 10/31-11/02 that I would like to be able to attend.  Many thanks for your patience.  Kim. 
 Robbin,  Please forgive me for not sending this in by Aug. 15.  I've been caught up in several heavy projects and forgot to put it all together.  I have all my info in a big envelope and I will get it sorted in an organized fashion and get it to you in the next few days.  If this is a problem, please let me know.  I would be happy to discuss this with you.  Again, I apologize for the delay.  Many thanks, Kim. 
 Mark,  Here is the Sun Devil Expansion Open Season Document.  Please call me if you have any questions.  Thanks, Kim Watson 713 853 3098 
 Fran, can you sign me up for the Leadership Training on 10/31-11/02?  Thanks, Kim. 
 John, where are we meeting for the DRA meeting tomorrow morning at 9:00am?  Thanks, Kim. 
 I got it.  I'll send it through.  Have a good day.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Lindy, can you attend this for me?  Thanks, Kim. 
 I think when I logged in today, I had 34 new messages!  I'm on my way to Omaha this afternoon.....Let's have lunch in the next few weeks!  Kim. 
 Steve,  I will be attending this meeting.  You are welcome to join in on the call if you like.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Thank you for helping me to swirl these dates.  Kim. 
 Hey Italian Team,  We are booked for Florence!  Please keep this for your file.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Michelle, Do I need to fill out a deal sheet for this?  Please advise.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Audrey,  would you send an invite to Brad Holmes and Teb Lokey?  Thanks, Kim.  Sorry, I tried hard to make sure we didn't leave anyone off. 
 Audrey,  Here are the bullets for this week.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Lindy will attend for our group.  Thanks, Kim. 
 I owe you lunch...Thanks, Kim. 
  I saw you log in, but I don't see you on MSN.  I, too, am still at the office.  What a day!  K. 
 Jean, thank you so much for taking care of this for us!  Are you available for lunch on August 10 or any day during Aug 13-17?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Have you guys heard anything about shippers wanting gas at this point?  Let me know.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Steve- Eric is meeting with KinderMorgan & Calpine today @ 1:45 to discuss possible merging of projects...do you want me to go in your place?  Eric just happened to mention this meeting to me.  Call me.  X33098. 
 Thank you for setting this up.  Kim. 
 Lisa,  Sorry for the delay in responding, could you please send me her resume again?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Please plan to meet on Wed. (see below) to discuss the Deal Profitability Analysis with Kim Kouri.  Thanks, Kim.   PS.  Sean, please forward this to Richard.  For some reason, I could not find him in the email directory.  Thanks. 
 Hey guys,  Since I am out of the office tomorrow, here is the beginning of the bullets.  I need to you add your weekly bullets to this list.  Please coordinate with each other before you send them to Audrey (by 10:00am, please).  Please file save the final version on the shared drive under my folder.  All of the previous weeks bullets are in the folder by date order. 
 Steve,  FYI, Kim. 
 twist....Lee Ferrell just left Enron last week.  He now works for Reliant.  I still want to invite him, it may take a day or two to track down his new phone number or email.  I will keep you posted.  ILY, K. 
 Hi TK,  We are still on target for a shipper meeting on Nov. 8 with the Market Services Goup, I would like to have our map updated so that we can hand it out at the meeting.  Let's visit about this sometime today or tomorrw.  I also want to get the NNG people involved to update their portion as well.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Hi Stephanie,  By chance are you available for lunch today?  Kim. 
 no, not yet?  Who has it?  K. 
 Jean, can you help me?  My cell phone was stolen from my briefcase sometime this afternoon.  I also received this message that the recipient below in not known....I do not know who this person is or what/why is was returned to me, so now I am worried that someone was at my computer doing something before the screensaver came on.  Can you help me do some detective work here?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Thank you Linda!  Kim 
 FYI, Kim. 
 J, does the $20,000 include the cost of the video?  K. 
 Lisa,  FYI--Sean, Richard and I may come down and interview Anne together at 4:00pm.   Thanks, Kim. 
 Steven M. Harris, VP Transwestern Commercial (713) 853-1796 Kim Watson, Director Transwestern Commercial (713) 853-3098 Lorraine Lindberg, Account Executive (713) 853-5403 TK Lohman, Account Director (713) 853-7610 Michelle Lokay, Account Director (713) 345-7932  All of us office at 1400 Smith, Houston TX 77002 or P.O. Box 1188, Houston, TX 77251-1188  If you need anything else, just let us know.  Thanks, Kim Watson. 
 TK,  Are you referring to the Dynegy deal in December being the "I to I" deal that we have already hedged?  Have you already included the previous "I to I" deals that you have done earlier in the year?  Outside of these deals, I am not aware of any others.  Thanks, Kim 
 Steve, the meeting on Questar will take place immediately after our 3CE/Plan meeting tomorrow.  I have also asked James C. to attend.  Kim. 
 Jennifer,  I am flying Monday evening.  I will check on my flight time and will call in if I can.  What is the phone number to this conference room?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Mary,  You are going to have such a great time!  Yes, you will need a mixture of both long and short sleeves.  You might be able to take one pair of shorts, otherwise, jeans or other long pants will be the preferred leg coverings.  A sweatshirt and jacket will be just fine.  Is your jacket water wary?  Tennis shoes are definitely OK!  You will love the Tattoo and Edinburgh.  Find the Fringe Festival Schedule as soon as you get into town.  Look through the book and select a few events that look interesting to you and buy a ticket (there are signs everywhere or ask someone where the ticket offices are - there are several in town).  Entertainers all over the world come to the festival to get their start.  Some of the names you will probably recognize....they got their start there!  Call me when you get back.  I'd love to hear all about your trip!  Hugs back at you, Kim.  P.S.  Stay away from Haggus(spelling?). 
 Mark, FYI on the outage meeting Thursday.  Kim. 
 Steve,  FYI, another step forward for opportunities to resolve imbalances....Kim. 
 Hi Ed,  Gosh, I am so sorry we have not connected yet.  I have been on a fast run.  How early in the morning do you come in?  Do I need to be at my desk?  How late in the evening are you in?  I will make time for you.  Thanks for your persistence.  Kim. 
 David,  Per your request, the two people listed below are the senior management team of ENA that you could call to discuss your situation:  Louise Kitchen, COO (713) 853-3488 John Lavorato, President and CEO (713) 853-7991  Have a good day.  Kim. 
 Kim Watson Director EB4150F 458-37-4132 
 Here they are.  Thanks for your help today!  Kim. 
 Hi Dan!  I am glad that your family is well.  My heart is so heavy with the tragedy of the WTC.  I cannot fully comprehend the enormity of it all.  I will be glad to bring the tape in.  I am actually going to be in the office late Sunday afternoon to begin packing my desk.  We are temporarily moving to the 13th floor mid next week while they reconstruct our floor.  I will have the tape on my desk in an envelope with your name on it, too.  Also, I have a little book that you lent me with nice verses.  I will bring it as well.  Thanks and take care.  Kim. 
 FYI, If you are available, I would like for you all to attend.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Richard,  Would you please add Mark McConnell and Paul Y'Barbo to this distribution list.  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, per our meeting with Ben and Kim, here is the access to the Deal Profitibility system.  The dashboard just went down, I'm trying to verify that we still have access via the dashboard.  Kim. 
 Sasha,  This looks wonderful to me.  Thank you for all of your help.  Will you be with us during our day?  If you are available, I would love for you to be there with us.  Also,  can you help us coordinate ordering Pizza from Bira's to have during the Mad Potter event?  Morgan,  should we just drink the wine and beer from the Mad Potter vs. bringing our own?  If Morgan is good with the memo, go ahead and distribute.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Susan,  I just wanted to follow up with you that everyone in Eric's group (plus Steve Dowd) have a place to land when we move.  I have not seen the area that you guys are supposed to move and I just want to make sure that no one falls through the crack.  Are you satisfied that you have spaces for all?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Steve,  here is the Pemex draft.  Kim. 
 Dave, here is a draft letter to send to Pemex.  Please give me your thoughts or changes and we'll get this out today.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Hi Pam and Donna,  I am not certain that Susan has been made aware of where and which spaces have been allocated to her (Eric Gadd's group) with respect to the move.  In effort to make sure that no one falls through the crack, would you please coordinate with Susan as to which floor and specifically which cubical/office locations she can slot her people in.  Susan will also coordinate Steve Dowd with the rest of Eric's group in the move so we need to keep a space for him.  Susan,  Please let me know when you have accounted for everyone in Eric's group (plus Steve Dowd) for the move and have the location assignment.   The goal for all is that everyone will have a chair when the music stops.  :>)  Thanks to all for your help!  Kim. 
 Michelle, please put another packet together on Southern Trails for Mike McGowan.  Some of the pieces may have to be faxed/mailed if you don't have them electronically.   Mike,  please feel free to call either of us to walk you through the packet and if you need more detail we can send that to you also.   Thanks, Kim. 
 Sue,  Have you talked to your mom since last week?  I would like to visit with her by phone or email about what her views/opinions are of the local viewpoints of the WTC tragedy.  May I have her phone number and email address again?  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Hi Ken,  Would you please add Paul Y'Barbo on this distribution list.  Paul is one of our new marketing reps and will be involved with our risk management strategies including our fuel positions and how it relates to this report.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Mark and Paul,  It would be good to set up a time to demo this model.  In fact, I would like to attend with you, since I havn't seen it for almost a year.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Rick,  Thanks so much for the lead!  In fact the timing is very good since we are trying to determine a viable scope of the Sun Devil expansion.  Lorraine,  would you please give Rick Padia a call and see if there is a fit for us to service his area.  Maybe they can form a coalition of all the land owners for the White Cliffs Area?  Also, please keep Rick Smith posted of our conversations with this possible new customer(s).  Thanks, Kim. 
 Hi Debbie,  Can you tell me who you have talked to?  Michelle is the Oneok rep and is out of town until Monday.  I will ask Michelle to assist you in this collection.  Michelle, would you please coordinate with Deb and see if you can find the right person a Oneok for us to talk to regarding the AR issue.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Steve,  Done.  Michelle sent it out this morning.  We will follow up with Mike to make sure he understands how the numbers were derived.  Kim. 
 see map---K. 
 Jo, I actually mentioned this in our TW staff meeting with Steve yesterday about using the OBA's to balance this point for November service if the interconnect was not ready.  We could carve out a few minutes after one of the morning meetings to discuss this with Market Services - both TW and NNG representatives to work out the details for their shop.  FYI, Michelle is working with Burlington to deliver gas to NNG@Gray on their firm contract as well as discussions with Oneok to deliver gas to TW@Gray.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Audrey,  Count me in the office during this time period.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Mike,  Jorge sent these changes to me, but I thought you might want to take the lead on these possible changes since it is a NNG IT contract.  If you don't mind, just keep me posted on what you finally decide.   Many thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Mr. Craig,  Would you please add Mark and Paul to this distribution list.  Many thanks, Kim. 
 Kent, FYI in case you did not see my note from yesterday.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Steve or Drew,  Please advise on what to do with the Mavrix phone since we will be moving to the 13th floor on Friday.  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI on the RED PHONE (Mavrix) in Eric's office on 41.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Lindy Donoho will attend for our group.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Lou-  Can you help with this?  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 David Lanning's email address is dlanning@ypcnm.com  Kim. 
 I will be there!  Thanks, Kim. 
 Please review the attached agreement for the Big Sandy Interconnect.  It is very standard.  It is reimbursable.  It has a few blanks that have to be filled in for certain dates that we (or Caithness) don't know just at this time with respect to receiving regulatory approval, in-service date, etc.  Caithness wants this agreement for their prospective equity partners to review for content.  Teb, Lee and Ron, this agreement has not changed since you have last seen it, but I just wanted you to give it one more look.   I would like to email to Kirk (Caithness) tomorrow afternoon.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Thank you, Julie!  Kim. 
 What were the offer dates for the Gormet Group?  Didn't we offer all three weekends?  I'm open all three weekends in November, however, we might want to steer clear of the 17 just incase we decide to travel during the week of Thanksgiving.  Thanks, Kim. 
 sounds good.  K. 
 Susan,  Thank you, but I will be out of town on Mon and Tues of next week and will not be available to attend.  I would recommend that Martha Janousek (or Bobby Mason) be aware of this meeting as they might be interested in attending since they are building several other web based tools for us.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Dear Jorge,  Per our conversation on this past Monday, here is the letter we talked about.  We have an original that will be placed in the mail today.  Please feel free to give me a call if you have any questions.  We look forward to hearing from you soon.  Sincerely,  Kim. 
 Jorge,  My apologizes, a slight typo in the Trans Pecos name in last paragraph.  Here is the revised memo.  Thanks,  Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Although we expect to receive specific feedback on our July 6, 2001 proposal to Pemex for the TransPecos Pipeline very soon, we sent the attached letter today to Pemex (with a copy to Kinder Morgan) that will withdraw our proposal on October 1, 2001 if the LOI has not been executed.  Kinder Morgan has agreed with the sending of this letter.  Pemex has been aware of the contents of this letter since Monday, September 17.  We will keep you posted of our detailed discussions with Pemex as they proceed.  Thanks,  Kim. 
 Dave, as you can see I mis-typed your email address on the original sent to Jorge.  This letter has a typo in the last para.  Please use the revised letter sent as the one to go by.  Call if you have questions.  Thanks, Kim. 
 I assume that they will redeposit our miles in the Amex miles account?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Hi Patrick,  This sounds just fine.  Shall we call you in your office?  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Denise, can you accept these red-lined changes and send back to me?  Many thanks, Kim. 
 Kirk,  Attached, please find the Delivery Point Construction and Operations Agreement.  Please feel free to call me if you would like to walk through it.  I would be available for you tomorrow to do this if you would like.  Just let me know.  Thanks, Kim 
 FYI - I spoke with John Sturn yesterday and he is coordinating the pigging of the SJ lateral to see if the efficiency of the drag reducing agent will increase.  He says the pig run will not interrupt scheduled flows on the pipe.  If the efficiency of the SJ lateral does not increase from the pig run, then Operations will look to reapply the DRA.  Kim. 
 Ron, would you please give me your thoughts on Kirk's question.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Here they are.  They are thin this week, lots of things in progress...  Thanks, Kim. 
 That sounds great.  I'll talk with you early next week.  Have a great weekend.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Audrey,  Here are the bullets for this week.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Lorraine, would you please check on this.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Lindy,  Since the tolerance range is currently on the whole contract on a monthly basis, can we force the daily balancing issue?  Or at least pull the monthly tolerance level down to 1-2%?  Thanks for the note.  Kim. 
 Please let me know if you are available on Tuesday, September 25 to attend a lunch for Palu as an appreciation for her work on TW.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Audrey, my info looks good.  Thanks, Kim. 
 I've got an 8:30 meeting at the office.  I can do later in the morning or afternoon.  Can you take him alone? K. 
 Thanks.  BTW, I don't show you as logged into MSN messenger.  K. 
 You bet, Jan and Tracey already have it on their calendars. 
 Thanks, Vince.  Kim. 
 How about Wednesday?  Kim. 
 Can everyone meet tomorrow, Tuesday, from 3:00 to 4:30 to distribute customer accounts and projects?  Kim. 
 Dear Ms. Monica Vespoli,  It is with great regret that we will have to cancel our Italian holiday and will not be able to stay in your hotel on 30 September - 04 October for 4 nights.  Please cancel the reservations of:  John and Kim Watson Dennis and Janell Dye Paul and Judith Donnelly Tom and Dorothy McCoppin  Please confirm receipt of this message by reply email (kimberly.watson@enron.com) or fax to USA 713-646-2551.  It is our sincere hope that we will be able to reschedule our holiday to Positano in the near future.  Thank you for your kindness.  Sincerely,  Kim Watson phone:  USA 713-853-3098 
 Lee, please review the following offer to Pemex for firm transportation on TW.  I would like you to review the language I have inserted and see if you would like to add to it before I send it to Steve to review.   I also want a few other people to see it before I send to Pemex.  My goal is to get this out tomorrow.  Let me know your thoughts.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Lindy, =20 I don't see any change to requirements.  Do you?  Kim. 
 Michelle,  What is the status of your conversations with PG&E on the possible partnering on joint line in Calif. to serve power plants?  Kim 
 Yes, I plan to attend.  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, here is the cancellation of the Florence Hotel.  I hope to hear from the hotel in Positano and Rome (front end trip only) today.  Dennis, please confirm the cancellation of your front-end Sheraton hotel in Rome.  Thanks, Kim. 
 J,  Do you think that if P & J and the kids went to Guam they would consider leaving Jo Lynn with the kids and come on to Hong Kong and join up with us?  FYI, I still have small reservations about travelling abroad still close to our international situation.  Perhaps fear of the unknown.  Sitting on the fence.  Undecided.  K. 
 I plan to take Friday off, too.  Can we meet on Thursday to discuss? 
 L,  Thank you for handling.  K. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Jan, Did you see this?  FYI, Kim. 
 opps, I mis-typed this morning.  K. 
 I hope to be on vacation next week.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Lindy,  Do you know if this means any changes for us?  Kim. 
 Hey gang,  I just wanted you to know that I sent a fax early this week to cancel our hotel in Positano (Hotel Marincanto).  I did not receive a confirmation back from them, so I called them this morning.  Julio is the gentleman I talked to and he did inform me that the four rooms we had booked are cancelled.  I think we are OK, but I would feel better if we had written confirmation of the cancellation.  Please watch your credit card charges to ensure that you do not get billed for the hotel.  I have received written confirmation from the hotel in Rome (front end of trip) and the hotel in Florence of our cancellation.  Let's start looking at dates in 2002 to rebook this trip.  If one of you has some time, would you check to see if the weather would be better in May or June? Any thoughts?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Steve and Teb(for Steve Veach),   Please review the attached work order for the tap and side valve for the new Agave interconnect.  Please forward an email message to Robert Geheb giving him your approval on this work order so that he may begin working with the appropriate people to get the materials ordered.  We are under a very tight time frame and we don't want to loose anytime.  The "paper" will follow to you shortly for signiture, but this email approval will keep the process moving.  Also, as soon as we work out the remaining details with Agave on the remaining costs, we will revise the work order to include the items that Agave will be constructing for us as well as provide the economics for the interconnect.  This, too, will be routed to you for your approval.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks, Kim. (X33098) 
 I don't see you on MSN, but I am on the phone now with Nanci and she is having back problems (a long story, I'll share later), but we are going to have to cancel the lake this weekend.  I have a 10:00 meeting, so I will have to run soon.  I'll call you when I get back.  I'm still OK taking off tomorrow and next week.  Maybe we stay home this weekend to be with Herschel, and if he is better, then we can take him to my mom's on Mon or Tue and go on to the Hyatt Hill Country next week.   Thoughts?  ILY, K. 
 Lindy, Since I will be gone tomorrow and next week.  Would you mind providing this information to Carmen?  I owe you one!  Thanks, Kim. 
 Well, here is the written confirmation for the cancellation of the Positano Hotel.  Please keep for your files.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Mark and Paul,  I would be happy to call in with you on your first "on call" weekend if you would like.  Mark, your weekend comes up this next weekend, I will plan to call in on Sat and Sun with you.  Alma will send you an email with the total list of everyone calling in including the phone number to dial into.  Make sure you locate this list prior to the weekend.  Remember, call in about 5-7 minutes before 8:00am Sat and Sun.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Jerry,  Steve Harris asked me to get with you and coordinate any outage planning input that you need from our group.  Please let me know how I can be of assistance.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Here it is.  K. 
 I will be on vacation tomorrow through next week.  I would be available pretty much anytime week of Oct. 8.  Thanks, Kim. 
 James,  My name is Kim Watson and I'm thinking that I received this message in error.  Please advise.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Lindy, this is as of yesterday.  Updated from the one I just sent you.  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, Since I will be out all next week, this is just a reminder email for filling out the questionnaire (in the mail by Oct. 10, please) for my leadership training seminar at the end of the month.  Many thanks, Kim. 
 TK,  Thanks for finishing these bullets.  Kim. 
 Audrey,  I have a draft of the bullets ready.  TK will finish them and forward to you tomorrow morning.  She will also coordinate the bullets for next Friday.  Thanks, Kim. 
 I recommend that we don't actually book anything for a while, but let's look at weather and tentatively be thinking of a date.  As far as the bombing, that will go on for years.  K.  By the way, thank you so much for your help today on the terminations of OBA's!  Kim. 
 I've got it booked!  Mark,  please plan to attend with me.  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Actually, Audrey might know of some place.  If not her, check with Linda Wehring, she knows absolutely everything!  Thanks for all of your help today!  We really appreciate it!  Kim. 
 I will be on vacation Friday, September 28.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Coral Amy Gold Two Houston Center 909 Fannin STe. 700 Houston, TX 77010 her phone number is 713 230-7812 
 Audrey Robertson, our secry. X35849 
  Audrey, can you open these documents?  Kim. 
 Steve, FYI, Kim. 
 Hi Bod,  Would you please add Mark McConnell and Paul Y'Barbo to this distribution list.  Many thanks, Kim. 
 Glen,  Please add Paul Y'Barbo and Mark McConnell to your distribution list for marketing.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Hi Jean,  Is this order because Lorraine's desk top has been slow and she has not been able to keep the Dashboard and other applications open at the same time?  Also, I would like to inquire with you about ordering two flat screens for Paul.  He would like to still keep his laptop computer.  Can we accomodate two flat screens with his laptop?  Have you settled down from all the moves?  Where did you and Donna end up?  Will you be with us on 13?  As always, many, many thanks!  Kim.  P.S.  The printers all got worked out?  Everybody happy?  :>) 
 Lindy, I just saw this.  Did you know about this meeting?  I hope you were able to attend.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Steve, do you know Rodger Swenke with SoCal?  Kim. 
 Mark, FYI, Kim. 
  Mark,  thanks for the notice of this meeting.  I'm glad you will be attending.  FYI, the Aquila folks purchased USGT from Nanci MacKenzie about 18 months ago and I'm not sure how they have incorporated the USGT organization into the Aquila organization.  Since you are the new kid, perhaps you can inquire as to the differences in these shops so that you can effectively deal with both organizations.  I'm not sure we've ever been clear on this.  Please continue to talk about Red Rock with these folks.  What would Aquila like to see TW offer?  What are their thoughts about the West markets?  What could TW do to get Aquila to be more active on our pipe?  FYI, I am coming into the office Wed morning.  I will be in EB4179.  I need to meet with Martha and pack up this office.  I should be in by 9:00.  If your schedule permits, perhaps you and I could meet for a few minutes on Agave before your 10:00 Aquila meeting?  I'll call you when I get in.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Steve, FYI- a success of collecting one of the Shipper imbalances.  Kim. 
 Mark and Paul, please make sure you are on the distribution list for the ar= ticles Lorna Brennan sends out.  Too many names for me to look through on t= his one. =20  Any way, FYI, Kim. 
 Lindy, any comments?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Richard, thanks for this message.  John and I will also be attending.  the Cirque du Soleil is on the TUTS tour and we have season tickets.  I will find out when our date is (usually a Saturday mat.) and let you know in on the chance that the date may also work for you guys.  Thanks, Kim. 
  Vince, I would like to visit with you about this training.  Also, I noticed that you had some of the folks in our shop on the invite list, but not all of them?  Are you available on Monday by phone to visit with me about this training?  I would be available at 2:00pm for half an hour.  Let me know if this works for you.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Kevin, when and where is the meeting on 10/8?  Thanks, Kim. 
 Paul,  Tiny(aka David Roensch - who is the Team Leader for the San Juan and West of Thoreau Area) just sent these to me.  FYI.  Kim. 
 Jo,  I just opened up this document.  Thought you would like to look it over.  FYI.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Unfortunately, I do not know Rodger.  I sent this message on to Steve to see if he knows of him.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Steve,  FYI, Kim. 
 Tracy,  Great job!  We appreciate your persistence in helping to close the gap on these shipper imbalances!  Many thanks,  Kim :>) 
 Kimberly,  I'm sorry, I was out of the office last week and did not see this email in time.  I think it looks fine.  I saw the final version in the ebiz today.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Kevin,  Sorry, I did not see this message until after Steve's staff meeting which is from 2:30 to 3:30 every Monday.  Do you have some time tomorrow --- I'll catch you up on Caithness.  Thanks, Kim. 
 How about 9:00 am on Tues?  I'll come see you.  Thanks, kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Elizabeth,  We have two new Marketing Reps in our department, please add Mark McConnell and Paul Y'Barbo to your distribution list.  Many thanks, Kim. 
 J, are you logged in?  MSN shows that you are not online.  Do you have the Vet's number handy?  ILY, K. 
 I believe that John and I will have to pass on this one.  John (and I must admit that I, too) cannot afford to partake in any kind of all you can eat anything.  Our buttons are popping now.....  Have fun on this one.  Eat a tail or two for me.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Lorraine, TK is on her way back into the office if you are still available to meet prior to lunch.  Thanks, Kim.  By the way, do you log into MSN messenger?  It would be helpful if you would.  Let me know if you need help in doing so.  Thanks, K. 
 Lindy, were you able to print this slide?  I could not find it.  K. 
 yes, I got it when I returned.  I think the away status just lets you know that I may not reply instantly.  K. 
 Anyone going to Mojave?  K. 
  FYI, Kim. 
 Paul, FYI, Kim. 
 John is for sure out of town, I think I will travel out with him for the weekend, but I have not confirmed it just yet.  If I find that I will be in town, I'll let you know.  Don't hold anything up for me.  Thanks, Kim. 
 My info looks good.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Great Job!  Kim. 
 Steve, FYI, Kim. 
 Mara,  I have a monthly outtage meeting to go to from 1:00 to 2:00pm.  Can I just come late?  Has everyone in our group committed to a time to test with you yet?  I would like to test with you tomorrow after 1:30.  Let me know what works for you.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Opps, can I scoot you to Thursday? 
 Mark, here are several examples of "Expressions of Interest" that we could use for Questar.  Kim. 
 Yes, I will be there.  I will also bring Paul Y'Barbo.  Thanks, Kim. 
 TK, FYI, Kim. 
 Deb, I've sent this message on to TK.  She is handling this for our group.  I'll have her call Vernon.  Kim. 
 Thanks for setting this up.  How about the Houston Regulatory group?  Thanks, Kim. 
 How about Friday about 10:00 ro 10:30?  Kim. 
 Do you have open conference rooms on your floor?  If not, we have a great conference room in 1336 that is just for us.  Just let me know.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Paul, FYI, Kim. 
 Hi Kirk,  I hope to have the revised contract for you late tonight.  Would you like to set up a time that Ron and I can go over it with you by telephone?  How about Monday or Tuesday?   Thanks, Kim. 
 Kevin,  Thanks for keeping up with this.  Kim :>) 
 Yes, I will be there.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Lynn,  FYI, Kim. 
 Jerry, I was not able to attend today.  Please let us know if there is anyt= hing out of the ordinary.  Thanks, Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 I'll be there.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Kirk,  Would you be available on Tuesday morning for breakfast?  Otherwise, both Ron and I are available anytime in the morning.  If you had only afternoon available, I can meet with you.  Let me know what works for you.  FYI, I am sending the revised agreement to you today so that you have a chance to review it before we meet.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Are you there?  MSN?  FYI, don't forget Herschel's medicine from your refridgerator and his blood pressure meds.  Also, I have a manicure appt. tomorrow at noon.  The number for Agua Salon is 713 621 6388 if you would like to book one, too.  ILY, K. :>) 
 Steve,  Here it is.  Kim. 
 Linda,  Thank you for your help!  I miss seeing your smiling face.  It's lonely here on the 13th floor.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Kirk, How early are you in on Monday?  I do have two appointments after 5:00, so Monday evening would be difficult for me, but we may be able to swing the late afternoon.  Otherwise, let me know what works for you on Wed or Thurs by phone.  Have a safe travel...  Kim. 
 TK, I think it would be a good idea for you to attend this meeting, also.  Thanks, Kim. 
  Hi Kyle!  I must not have your current office telephone number.  Please send it to me.  I would like to connect up with you this weekend if you are available.  I cleaned all of our closets last week and have the "big load" that I would like to pass on to you for your MANNA collection.  How on earth are you?  I am still sad and overwhelmed from the Sept. 11 tragedy.  I cannot believe we watched that event unfold like that!  These are certainly interesting times....  Call me or email me, I'd like to visist!  Many thanks,  Kim. 
 Kirk,  As per our phone conversation, here is the revised Delivery Point Construction and Operating Agreement.  Please let me know if you will have some time on Monday or Tuesday when you are in Houston and Ron and I can review this with you.  If we don't connect up in person, then let me know if you would like to book a telephone conference call Wednesday, Thursday or Friday.  Have a nice weekend and safe travel to Houston!  Thanks,  Kim 
 Let's discuss this on Monday.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Hi everyone!  Attached, please find the resume of Mark Pickering who is the Chief Technology Officer for Enron Net Works and is the lead candidate for Bruce Stram's replacement on the board.  Please take a moment to review his resume as we will discuss his candidacy for the board this evening.  Thanks, Kim. 
 I will meet everyone at Hungry's at 6:30.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Jack,  Do we have another email address for Robert James?  My email to him was undeliverable.  Do you know if he will be at the meeting tonight?  Thanks, Kim. 
 TK,  Would you please handle this.  Thanks, Kim. 
 Audrey,  Looks like we will have to change Steve's 2002 Plan meeting....   Kim. 
 FYI, Kim. 
 Katie,  When I talked to Kyle last week I didn't realize that you are still driving into downtown everyday.  I have my trunk loaded with some contributions for MANNA and would like to pass them off to you when it is convenient.  What is your schedule during this week?  I could meet you during lunch or at the end of your day any day this week, whatever you prefer.  Many thanks,  Kim  P.S.  How was Mickey's birthday parties this weekend? 
 Can we meet on Monday?  Perhaps after the TW staff meeting which ends about 3:30 to 3:45.  Kim. 
 TK,  John and I had such a big time at your house Saturday evening!  It was so kind of you to open your incredibly spectacular home to us.  I just love everything that you have done....it is truly lovely.  It was so nice to meet your sisters.  I can imagine that your family reunions are just a hoot!  And the food.....well it was awesome.  Thanks again.  Hope you are feeling better.  Kim and John 
 No problem, it will be nice to visit with him.  K.  PS.  Does this mean that I will be in the back seat of the convertable?  If so, I'm afraid we will have to ride with the top up. 
 Audrey, h