 My supervisor is Ed Mc Michael. 
 thanks 
 yeah, I'm not sure I'm going to fork out the $60 to take my family now, versus $15 and being less crowded. 
  The University of Texas at Austin TEXASMBA Admission Visit Initiative Candidate Critique Form  Alumni / Program Contact Name:   V. Charles Weldon Alumni / Program Contact Id (SSN):   *********Graduation Year:  2000  Applicant Name: Suzette Emmons UT Id (SSN): Visit Location:  Houston Visit Date:  4/30/01     Trait Description	Rating (1 through 4)	Comments  Communication Skills    	         1	Very strong and effective communicator. Poise / Confidence    	         1	No problem here.  Suzette is quite confident without being cocky. Leadership Potential   	         1	 It is very easy to imagine Suzette in a leadership role. Personality / Enthusiasm    	         1	Very energetic and ascited about the possibility of being   a Texas MBA student. Maturity    	         2	She should not have any problem mixing with older, more-experienced students. Clarity of Professional Focus    	         2	Seems very focused on the potential opportunities following receiving an MBA degree, but is still open-minded.   Please provide the Admission Committee with a brief narrative overview of your AdmissionVisit dialogue. You may use this opportunity to elaborate further on the above rankings.  We had a very comfortable and open exchange of information regarding her work experience and views on current business topics.  She is well-seasoned in dealing with complex business issues and would very likely be ahead of many of her fellow students.  She exudes confidence yet remains open to new ideas and ways of thinking.  I have no reservation in saying that Suzette would flourish at UT and contribute significantly to the overall quality of the class.   Do you believe this candidate is a good match for the culture and strengths of the TEXASMBA program? Please elaborate on any reservations you may have.  Suzette is definitely a good match for the Texas MBA program.  She is a high energy, very results-oriented individual with a tremendous track record of successful accomplishments.  Her personality is very conducive to working in a diverse team environment and I see no issue that would prevent her from being a top-notch MBA student at UT. 
 Suzette,  Monday morning should work.  Just give me a call.  I'm tied up in the p.m. but a.m. should work.  Charlie 
 2%! 
 I'm not sure.  WE're going to the Astros tonight and are working on the nursery I think.  Other than that, not much 
 Here are the updated curves as of last nights close.  Let me know if you need anything else.   Charlie 
 Same as before except changed cob date to 4/27 instead of 4/24 on quote sheet. 
  The University of Texas at Austin TEXASMBA Admission Visit Initiative Candidate Critique Form  Alumni / Program Contact Name:   V. Charles Weldon Alumni / Program Contact Id (SSN):   ********* Graduation Year:  2000  Applicant Name: Suzette Emmons UT Id (SSN): Visit Location:  Houston Visit Date:  4/30/01     Trait Description	Rating (1 through 4)	Comments  Communication Skills    	         1	Very strong and effective communicator. Poise / Confidence    	         1	No problem here.  Suzette is quite confident without being cocky. Leadership Potential   	         1	 It is very easy to imagine Suzette in a leadership role. Personality / Enthusiasm    	         1	Very energetic and ascited about the possibility of being   a Texas MBA student. Maturity    	         2	She should not have any problem mixing with older, more-experienced students. Clarity of Professional Focus    	         2	Seems very focused on the potential opportunities following receiving an MBA degree, but is still open-minded.   Please provide the Admission Committee with a brief narrative overview of your AdmissionVisit dialogue. You may use this opportunity to elaborate further on the above rankings.  We had a very comfortable and open exchange of information regarding her work experience and views on current business topics.  She is well-seasoned in dealing with complex business issues and would very likely be ahead of many of her fellow students.  She exudes confidence yet remains open to new ideas and ways of thinking.  I have no reservation in saying that Suzette would flourish at UT and contribute significantly to the overall quality of the class.   Do you believe this candidate is a good match for the culture and strengths of the TEXASMBA program? Please elaborate on any reservations you may have.  Suzette is definitely a good match for the Texas MBA program.  She is a high energy, very results-oriented individual with a tremendous track record of successful accomplishments.  Her personality is very conducive to working in a diverse team environment and I see no issue that would prevent her from being a top-notch MBA student at UT. 
 Attached is the latest pricing as of Friday's close for the Stagecoach deal.  Load factors have been adjusted per your request to give a 50% minimum. The new indicative price, applying spreads from previous quotes, is now $4.82.   (Note that the market is off significantly today so this quote will likely be a few pennies higher than one you would get in the live market right now)  Thanks,  Charlie 
 The following basic assumptions concerning gas capacity requirements for the Fort Pierce project were confirmed today at a meeting attended by Dave Fairley, Ed McMichael, Ruth Concannon, Mark Breese, Eric Boyt, and Charlie Weldon.   (NOTE:  The heat rates and MW are subject to change pending final engineering evaluation.  The intent of this note is to document the overall runtime assumptions.)  1) During the summertime months of May through September, the plant is expected to run 16 hours per day in a mode where  Enron's 200 MW are dispatched as are Ft. Pierce's 82MW.  2)  Enron will purchase summertime capacity only sufficient to allow running 200 MW for 16 hours per day at our "bought-down" heat rate of 6690.  This equals 22,300 MMBTU/day and will allow for taking the full daily capacity in only a 16 hour period (6% per hour)  The table below summarizes the monthly capacity requirements:    MONTH	Total Capacity Needed By Enron	Ft. Pierce Capacity (from FGU)	Phase VI Capacity 	Capacity From East Desk May	22,300	0	22,300	0 June	22,300	0	22,300	0 July	22,300	0	22,300	0 August	22,300	0	22,300	0 September	22,300	0	22,300	0   NTOE:  Prior to Phase VI completion, the project will purchase capacity from the East Desk.  3)  Ft. Pierce will use its existing FT via FGU to secure its gas requirements at the 9500 contractual heat rate for the 16 hours it is dispatched in the summer.  4)  For the winter months of October through April, the plant is expected to run 16 hours per day in a mode where Ft. Pierce is not dispatched, thus leaving Enron with 282MW at the overall plant heat rate of 7500.  This equates to 35,251 MMBTU/day and allows for taking the full capacity in only 16 hours (6% per hour)  5)  Because Ft. Pierce will not be dispatched during the winter, their unused capacity via FGU will be available for Enron.  These amounts differ by month as summarized in the table below.  6) Enron will purchase wintertime capacity only sufficient to allow running 282 MW for 16 hours per day at a 7500 heat rate, less the monthly capacities available from Ft. Pierce via FGU.  These non-FGU purchased quantities will come from the Phase VI capacity and the East Desk as shown below:       MONTH	Total Capacity Needed By Enron	Ft. Pierce Capacity (from FGU)	Phase VI Capacity (Nov-Mar = 28% of Summer)	Capacity From East Desk October	35,251	14,665	22,300	0 November	35,251	14,595	6,244	14,412 December	35,251	14,895	6,244	14,112 January	35,251	16,547	6,244	12,460 February	35,251	15,317	6,244	13,690 March	35,251	15,317	6,244	13,690 April	35,251	15,317	22,300	0   NOTE:  Prior to Phase VI completion , the project will purchase capacity from the East Desk.  7)  Backup documentation supporting the hourly gas requirement in each dispatch mode is attached to this memo. 
 We'll be there Friday night and plan to spend the night.  If Elizabeth would rather spend the night with her friend, that's fine.  Hunter can play with Travis that night and be plenty happy.  Love,  Charlie 
  The University of Texas at Austin TEXASMBA Admission Visit Initiative Candidate Critique Form  Alumni / Program Contact Name:   V. Charles Weldon Alumni / Program Contact Id (SSN):   ***-**-**** Graduation Year:  2000  Applicant Name: Suzette Emmons UT Id (SSN): Visit Location:  Houston Visit Date:  4/30/01     Trait Description	Rating (1 through 4)	Comments  Communication Skills    	         1	Very strong and effective communicator. Poise / Confidence    	         1	No problem here.  Suzette is quite confident without being cocky. Leadership Potential   	         1	 It is very easy to imagine Suzette in a leadership role. Personality / Enthusiasm    	         1	Very energetic and ascited about the possibility of being   a Texas MBA student. Maturity    	         2	She should not have any problem mixing with older, more-experienced students. Clarity of Professional Focus    	         2	Seems very focused on the potential opportunities following receiving an MBA degree, but is still open-minded.   Please provide the Admission Committee with a brief narrative overview of your AdmissionVisit dialogue. You may use this opportunity to elaborate further on the above rankings.  We had a very comfortable and open exchange of information regarding her work experience and views on current business topics.  She is well-seasoned in dealing with complex business issues and would very likely be ahead of many of her fellow students.  She exudes confidence yet remains open to new ideas and ways of thinking.  I have no reservation in saying that Suzette would flourish at UT and contribute significantly to the overall quality of the class.   Do you believe this candidate is a good match for the culture and strengths of the TEXASMBA program? Please elaborate on any reservations you may have.  Suzette is definitely a good match for the Texas MBA program.  She is a high energy, very results-oriented individual with a tremendous track record of successful accomplishments.  Her personality is very conducive to working in a diverse team environment and I see no issue that would prevent her from being a top-notch MBA student at UT. 
 Matt,  Would you please make sure that David gets to see this tomorrow.  Mark asked me to send this so you could print it out and have Dave look at it and then recommend would else ought to see it.  Would you plese E-mail me or call me with a list of who else needs to see this sometime tomorrow, per Mark.  Thanks,  Charlie 
 Enron Avg = 90 injected Industry avg = 86 injected I-Bank Avg = ~72 injected (they should stick to banking)  My number is 88.  I think the market has already built in a 90 or less number. 
 I just deleted a bunch.  LEt me know if I need to do anymore. 
 We should make it by 6:45 plus or minus 30 minutes 
 103! 
 Why are energy stocks down so much today?  My only guess is because outlook for NG prices is lower...follows your theory of our price being proportional to NG price. 
 We are planning on bringing Flossie if that's OK. 
 Great.  Flossie is a Maxine, not a Max 
 Suzette,  I was able to fill out an evaluation form on Tuesday and submit it by E-mail.  Hopefully they will accept it OK. It was nice meeting you and I wish you good luck in the admissions process.   Sincerely,  Charlie 
 http://traffic.tamu.edu/incmap/incmap.asp 
 http://www.upromise.com/ 
 Attached in Bold are the answers to all the questions except 6 and 8.  The major outstanding issue as of right now is the final determination of specs for the fuel oil from Mitsubishi.. 
 FYI - I'm looking into this.  Could be my ticket but there are a few issues I have to resolve. 
 The curves in this file were off by a month since April is no longer valid.  See the attached file for the correct prices and months.  Charlie 
 Karen,  Thanks again for taking the time to meet with me this afternoon.  I look forward to hearing from you.   Sincerely,  Charlie Weldon 
 We enjoyed ourselves and are glad that we were able to visit.  We're looking forward to you coming to our house in a few weeks  Love,  Charlie 
 PAth to deal Status is O:\NAES\NATTS\ADM\Deal Status 
 thanks! 
 Karen,  I just wanted to confirm that you received my resume OK.  I just noticed that I  replied to your EGM message you sent out yesterday instead of your ENA Trading Track message that I received Friday.  I just wanted to make sure that you didn't accidentally overlook it due to the wrong subject header.   Thanks,  Charlie 
 http://www.cnn.com/SPECIALS/views/y/2001/01/feldman.power.jan3/ 
 Soma,  Per your request, I've calculated a Houston Area notional swap price for 6/01 through 12/04.  I used  the IF-Katy mid curve as of today's close and have not adjusted for any injection or withdrawal charges that may need to be accounted for in your analysis.  If you need any further help, please let me know.   Thanks,  Charlie Weldon 
 Doug,  Attached is the (long-awaited) spec for the 200K gallons of low-sulphur #2 Fuel Oil to partially refill the tank at the Ft. Pierce facility in Florida. As the attached note describes, the final spec is a result of the combined spec requirements by the environmental permit, MHI (Mitsubishi), and Engineering.  We currently believe that some of these specs may be more stringent than what is commercially available.  In the event that some of these specs are too stringent, we would like you to: 1) identify which specs are not reasonably attainable, and 2) suggest what value of these specs are attainable.   Your feedback will be shared with the appropriate parties and, assuming there are spec change recommendations, these parties will determine how best to proceed.  Please note that the first attached note requests than any bids we get contain info on density, heating value, and trace contaminants.  Additionally, the second attached note references getting multiple bids for different specs.  I suggest that, for now, we resolve the spec issue internally as described above and then we obtain quotes.   If you have any other suggestions on how best to proceed, your input is welcome.  Your assistance in this matter is, and has been, greatly appreciated.   Thanks,  Charlie Weldon 
 Matt,  Thank you very much for the info.  I have forwarded the specs on to Doug Leach who will be responsible for ordering the fuel oil.  I asked him to identify any spec parameters that are not readily attainable with commercially available #2 Fuel Oil.  For example, I'm fairly certain that 0.0% ash is not normally available.  I have also asked him  to provide information on what grades of fuel oil are available that we should consider.   I will forward any feedback that I receive from Doug to you so we can then have the team determine how best to proceed from that point.  Thanks again for all your help.  Charlie 
 Mike,  I noticed that your name was not on the distribution list for these exchanges so I am forwarding them to you to catch you up.  I have faxed the #2 Diesel Fuel specs along with those for jet fuel to Matt Tezyk who has been coordinating the effort to consolidate the spec.  He said he would share these with all the riight parties so the decision can be made as to whether we decide to take regular low-sulphur #2, jet fuel, or pursue some other path.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks,  Charlie Weldon 
 Doug,  Thanks for the info.  I have passed it along.  I have one more question regarding heating values.  Do you know what the LHV and HHV values are for #2 and jet fuel?  I figure those are parameters that are measured and known but they weren't on the spec sheet.   Thanks,  Charlie 
 Here's another good article:  http://www.marketwatch.com/news/yhoo/story.asp?source=blq/yhoo&siteid=yhoo&dist=yhoo&guid=%7B9B97CB0D%2D87BD%2D41C6%2D8E80%2DF23F0722052C%7D 
 Location: 3274d 
 Guys,,  I thought I would just let you know that the latest indicative gas price for the Stagecoach deal is ~$4.62.  That's down ~$0.20 in the last 9 trading days.  How about an update from yall's end on the status of the negotiations, etc?   Thanks,  Charlie 
 B2B = business to business, usually referring to on-line (Internet-based) electronic commerce (e-commerce).  B2C = business -to-consumer  C2C = consumer-to-consumer 
 Is this guy short ENE or what?  He has a couple of decent points about our "fuzzy" math. but we won't miss earnings, guaranteed, for at least a couple quarters. 
 Thanks for the info! 
 Bill,  I understand that you are the contact person for MHI concerning the ash spec for the 501F turbine being used on the Ft. Pierce project.  I have been working with Matt Tezyk to finalize all issues concerning this fuel oil spec. Please let me know as soon as possible what the MHI response is regarding the inability to get 0% ash fuel oil.   We are trying to get closure on this issue so we can order the fuel oil to replace that which we caused FPUA to burn to begin construction on the site.  Thanks!  Charlie Weldon 
 I'll sell you up to 2 Jun nat gas at 4.565 right now, same as Johnny. 
 Doug,  Fax is 646-3460.  A couple folks wanted to know where this sample was taken from.  I told them that I was not exactly sure but was confident that the sample would be representative of the fuel oil that would be delivered in Florida, per our conversation.   Thanks again,  Charlie 
 Our "spec" is <.05 ppm.  I talked to Doug about whether or not the measurement can be made to a greater degree of accuracy.  We believe it is not but Doug said he would provide us with a contact to call concerning the vanadium measurement accuracy.  I'm still waiting on that contact name and number.  The thought here was to have this contact discuss the iissue first-hand with the engineering team so a judgement can be made.  Thanks,  Charlie 
 The following response from Doug is intended to address the issue of whether or not the sample taken was representative of what we would expect to recieve in Florida.....per the discussion of such matter in our meeting.  Charlie 
 Per our conversation, I recommend using Tetco M3 plus the avg seasonal basis to Alg CG (Summer =~0, Winter =~.10)  Note the volatility in these that I graphed.  This volatility willl likely need to be taken into account in your model if/when you get to that level of detail.  Charlie 
 Kim,  The NGI daily prices got messed up somehow when I ran the data fetch program.  I updated them in this file now but I figured you would use GDD prices anyway.  I have also attached the NGI monthly index which is usually the way we use NGI prices, as you indicated.  I just thought you wanted daily prices originally and wanted to show them from the 3 different sources for comparison.  Sorry for the confusion.  Let me know if you need any more assistance.   Thanks,  Charlie 
 Thanks Doug,  Can you confirm (or tell me how I can)  that these sample charge are being routed to Co#0413, RC#106230 per my previous note. 
 Glad to hear Buddy is getting better.  I assume we still need rain but are doing OK given the good rain 2 weeks ago.  We may come this weekend or next.  Will know tonight. 
 Eric and I will come by ~4:00.  Thanks,  Charlie 
 Loftus,  I've been meaning to contact you forever and I just ran across your e-mail address from our incoming Associate class list.  Sorry it took so long.  How the heck are you doing?  I'd like to hear if you have another job yet or what your prospects are.  Please give me a call when you can.  My number is 713-853-3088.  Hope all is well.   Sincerely,  Charlie 
 As I previously shared, the result for vandium in the low-sulfer diesel (#2 fuel oil) came back at <0.1 ppm versus the "spec" of <0.05 ppm.  I just talked to the lab supervisor at Saybolt whom performed the analysis; and according to him the