 how did my august position change?  i didn't trade any august today. 
 i have a question on my p&l.  how did the hedge book make money on change in price when it was long and the market went down? 
 Sue,  Please thank Jeff for the invitation.  However, Greg and Mary are unable to attend.  Liz 
 Thanks, 
 The Enron Net Works Offsite has been relocated to the Doubletree Hotel - Allen Center for all day Monday, April 24, only.   Once I have all the details confirmed, i.e. meeting room, start time etc.,  I'll advise. Listed below are the presentations scheduled for Monday.  An Agenda will be forthcoming.  Louise Kitchen  EOL Greg Piper  Paper Exchange.com Harry Arora  Securities Philippe Bibi  Trading Platform Technology Bryan Seyfried  Credit Mike McConnell  International eCommerce Development  Should you have any questions, please contact me @ 31935.  Many Thanks,  Liz 
 i heard that while i was out our technical folks had a discussion. from what i understand, all of the technical issues are workable. given that, lets have a discussion to determine the structure and liklihood of a deal, assuming you are interested.  i will try to reach you monday, or you can call me this weekend  home--713-465-1641 cell--713-962-7304 e-mail   gregwhalley@yahoo.com talk to you soon  greg 
 test 
 Todd,  We are in receipt of the Confidentiality Agreement and have only a few minor changes:  Enron North America Corp. not - Enron North America, Inc. Greg Whalley, President and Chief Operating Officer not - President and Chief Operation Officer  ENA is prepared to sign the Agreement at the to-be-scheduled meeting.  Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor Executive Assistant to Greg Whalley 
 Yes, I'll hold 2 tickets for you until I hear back.  Liz    Enron North America Corp. 
 Greg Whalley has rented out the Rooftop Deck & Clubhouse at Union Station for Opening Game on Friday, April 7.  You are cordially invited to party with Greg "the Green Hornet" Whalley, with game time beginning @ 7:05p.m. - Astros vs. PHI.  Please contact me about the numbers of tickets you will need.  We may be able to accommodate some members of your team.    The rooftop can hold up to 75 people.  Many Thanks,   Liz Taylor x31935 
 Okay "Superman" how many tickets can you really use?  "Buffy - The Vampire Slayer" 
 Sure thing partner.  I'm giving Reck 8 tickets for the coal desk.  Liz 
 this announcement has not gone out for that reason.  we have had a number of discussions about it since this was drafted and there seems to be some concern about it being inside one of the business units since it is supposed to handle investments across the company and would be bringing the EBS assets with it.  your suggestion that it might report to andy has some merit, but there may be other options.  what would you think if we established an investment committee consisting of me, rice, and delainey and made garland responsible to that group.  we would have all of the relevent business units represented and the p&l would ultimately be allocated to the one in which the investment originated.  do you think that would work?  it might go a long way to satisfying all constituents. 
 Yes, we watch the game from the rooftop.  You can also with your pass go into the stadium.  Liz 
 Kristin,  Per Greg Whalley, we need to install the Executive Report Viewer on Dave Delainey's computer.  He should have access to everything that Whalley has. Approval, for now, will remain with Whalley.  Greg would like this taken care of ASAP.  Many Thanks,  Liz 
 see you then 
 just thought i would send you this link to see if we could both connect to this site and talk to each other 
 not to worry,  we'll see 80s within 3 weeks 
 Please extend badge #21771 through this week.  Liz Taylor Executive Assistant Office of the Chairman Enron North America 
 Jeff,  I will sponsor you in the amount of $957.23 in the MS 150.   The Green Hornet 
 Jim,  Greg received a faxed copy of a slide on ENA - Wholesale Power Network from Kathyn Corbally.  The slide gives a comparison in physical power volumes with 1st Quarter 99 vs. 1st Quarter 2000.  The slides shows a 5% percent increase and Greg thought that you mentioned that the increase was closer to 20%.  Please advise.  Liz 
 lets talk again before too long.  there is a lot going on. 
 you should look into this.  not that there are necessarily violations, but there have to at least be questions.  i used to get a curve report that showed curve graphs on a volume bar chart.  have you looked at anything like that lately?  you can find problems with a pretty quick scan. 
 sounds like a good idea 
 Dave,  Fred Lagrasta came through for us on the tickets.  He'll deliver four to me on tomorrow.  Liz x31935 
 This is to confirm tomorrow's USEC Meeting with Richard Kingdon and Michael Woo.  The meeting will take place in EB3321 @ 10:00a.m. on Tuesday, March 21.  Many Thanks,  Liz 
 your relationship with houston is that of a wholy owned subsidiary.  you make money.  send it back here.  shut up.  and be happy. 
 Elisabeth,  Greg is okay with your plan.  Liz 
 Greg Whalley Office #   713-853-5220 - EB3324 Office Fax# 713-853-1838 Home#  713-465-1641 Cell#  713-962-7307 
 You are cordially invited to attend      If you are a new supervisor, an experienced supervisor without prior training or a manager of new supervisors, come and learn more about our new ENA Leadership Curriculum.  You will be introduced to the many courses and learning resources that are available to you and where you need to go to find them.  To aid in planning your developmental activities, you will receive a copy of the curriculum guide that contains detailed information about the curriculum. Please RSVP by noon Monday, March 6 to Gracie Presas at ext. 3-3985. 
 Pam,  Greg Whalley had to change his plans and will not be going to London after all  Thanks for everything.  Liz Taylor 
 Mr. Sutton,  I'm emailing you on Greg Whalley's behalf.  Is it possible for Greg to join you on the company plane on Sunday over to London for the Open House?    I understand you have different plans on the return.   I can book him commercial on the return.  No worries, if the answer is no, I'm holding commercial flights both ways.  Sunday, February 27 Depart Houston @ 8:00a.m. Arrive London @ 11:52p.m. (same day)  Please advise.  Liz Taylor Assistant to Greg Whalley 
 where are you right now?  i am in london.  are you around? 
 i'll try to call you over the weekend.  this petcoke problem seems to be a pain.  go to the friday 4pm managing directors meeting and let them know what is going on in coal. 
 what does this new website look like?  can i see a demo version?  what have we defined as current limits? 
 Chris,  Whalley will be on vacation all next week and I'll need to fax him copies of the P&Ls.  Please deliver to me print outs of the Gas & Power P&Ls for the week of February 14.  Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor x31935 EB3322 
 Please read the attached letter from Mary  Whalley.    Please call me if you are unable to retrieve.    Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor - 713-853-5220 Executive Assistant to Greg Whalley, President & COO Enron North America 
 Awais,  I deleted your most recent Management report, please send another one to Greg Whalley.  Many Thanks,  Liz 
 Hi Andy,  Just in case it takes Greg some time to get back to you, due to his extremely busy schedule, I wanted you to know your email was received.  Liz Taylor Admin. Assistant to Greg Whalley 
 Hi Iris,  Happy New Years!  I miss corresponding with you.  Take care and write soon. If you ever plan a visit to Houston, you have an open invitation at my house.  Liz    Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. - Europe 
 Paul,  Going forward, the reports below should be sent to Kevin Hannon and not Greg Whalley.  Many Thanks,  Liz 
 Kenneth,  Going forward, these reports should be sent to Kevin Hannon and not Greg Whalley.  Many Thanks,  Liz 
 Allan,  Going forward, these reports should be sent to Kevin Hannon and not Greg Whalley.  Many Thanks,  Liz 
 by this ratio the rest ot the power group is really underperforming!!!! 
 Christine,  Going forward this report should be sent to Kevin Hannon and not Greg Whalley.  Please forward this report to Kevin Hannon.  Many Thanks,  Liz 
 Christine,  Going forward, these should be sent to Kevin Hannon and not Greg Whalley.  Many Thanks,  Liz 
 Katherine,  Going forward will the Breakfast Meeting take place in EB50M and the Exec. Meeting in the Boardroom?  Whalley will be in attendance at both meetings.  Liz    Enron North America Corp. 
 Paul,  Greg has to attend an offsite all day on Thursday, January 20 and will be unable to meet with Raymond Yeow.   Liz 
 Greg Whalley will be in attendance at both meetings.  Liz    Enron North America Corp. 
 just some thoughts on what we might say in a letter if we have to send one by the 4th. 
  Enron North America Corp. 
 don't know about the relationship with dave,  you'll have to work on that one.  i will talk to stan, but i can't believe he has any interest in developing power plants anywhere.  Portland General did just get a dash approved for building about 45 mw in oregon.  Stan Horton called me about it, and he was going to have someone in Portland (i'll remember the name in a minute)  call tim belden about our fundamental analysis of the region. Stan also mentioned the there is an unregulated side of PGE that is enterring into these transactions.  He wondered if that part of PGE should belong in EWS.  Talk to tim and we'll decide how to approach that next week. 
 call liz and get on my calendar.  maybe we can grab lunch or something.  i heard about the ag meeting.  sounds like things could have gone better, but it also sounds like jeff was a little difficult.  he never has liked the notion of that business though.  i'll try to explain it next week.  greg 
 Will Philippe be at the meeting on the 12th?  Liz 
 For the month of June there will be weekly Budget Meetings every Tuesday @ 11:00 a.m. in EB32C2.  Please mark your calendar accordingly.  Please notify me only if you are unable to attend.  June 5, 12, 19 & 26 in EB32C2 @ 11:00 a.m.  Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor x31935 
 maybe that would be the best solution 
 Whalley's Budget Meeting   Date:  May 30, 2001  Time:  11:00 a.m. (CST)  Location: EB30C2 
 Greg Whalley will be in attendance. 
 Fernley,  Per my voicemail, are you available to meet w/Greg Whalley on Thursday, June 5 for about an hour?  Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor 
 Greg Whalley's diamond club tickets (4 + parking pass) are available for Monday and Tuesday of next week.  Please give me a call if you have an interest.    Monday May 21  San Diego 7:05p.m. Tuesday May 22  San Diego 7:05 p.m.  Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor x31935 
 Please note that the EWS Budget Meeting scheduled for Tuesday, May 29 has been rescheduled to Wednesday, May 30 @ 11:00 a.m. in EB30C2.  This change was necessary due to the Executive Committee meeting moving from Monday, May 28 to Tuesday, May 29 @ 11:00 a.m.  Scheduled EWS Budget Meetings for May  Tuesday, May 22, 2001 @ 11:00 a.m. - EB32C2  Wednesday, May 30 @ 11:00 a.m. - EB30C2    Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor 
 working that angle already 
 Date:  Tuesday, May 15, 2001   Time:  11:00 a.m.   Location: EB32C2/London VC1   Please mark your calendar for next week's budget meeting on Tuesday, May 22 @ 11:00 a.m. in EB32C2 .   Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor x31935 
 yes 
 Yes, please delete.  Now we have just canceled the one for tomorrow.  The next scheduled budget mtg will be on Tuesday, May 15 @ 11:00 a.m.  Liz   Barbara Hooks @ ENRON_DEVELOPMENT                05/07/2001 11:31 AM 
 EWS Budget Meeting.   Date:   May 8, 2001  Time:   11:00 a.m.  Location:  EB32C2  Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor 
 no to all 
 This is to confirm Greg Whalley's meeting on CA matters tomorrow, May 3 @ 10:00 a.m. in EB3324.  Should you have any questions, please advise.  Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor 
 Hi Drew,  Greg will be in the London office from early Tuesday afternoon through end-of-business day on Thursday, June 7.  Are you available to meet w/him for about an hour? He's available Tuesday afternoon until 5:00 p.m.  Wednesday there are a few slots available, and Thursday he is wide open.  If you could e-mail me your availability that would be great.  Also, Greg will be carrying mobile number +44 7901516638.  Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor 
 usually i use  gwhalley lawrence 
 This is to confirm EWS' Budget Meeting on Thursday, May 3 @ 11:00 a.m. in EB30C2.  London will also be participating via Video Conference.  Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor 
 okay by me 
 Please let me know your Executive's availability for an EWS Budget Meeting on Tuesday, May 1 @ 11:00 a.m.  Please note that the budget meetings will be every Tuesday @ 11:00 a.m. for the month of May.  The meetings should be no more than 1 hour.  I'll advise you of the location.   Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor 
 Thank you for joining Greg Whalley at the 2001 CSC Spring Golf Classic - Memorial Park Golf Course (Benefiting the Children's Museum)  Whalley's Team   Enron's Team  G. Whalley    M. McConnell B. White    T. Battaglia J. Lavorato    G. Piper D. Delainey    D. Black   EVENT SCHEDULE - Tuesday, April 24  10:30 a.m.  Registration 11:00 a.m.  Lunch catered by Becks Prime 11:45 a.m.  Tournament Rules for 4 Person Florida Scramble 12:00 Noon  Shotgun Start 4:00 - 5:00 p.m.  2001 Enron Jr. Golf Clinic w/ the staff of The First Tee Program at Whispering Pines 5:30 p.m.  Awards Celebration  2001 ENRON JUNIOR GOLF CLINIC  The Junior Golf Clinic that will be held at the Driving Range from 4:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m.  Whispering Pines Golf Club will provide three instructors as well as clubs.  The Houston Parks and Recreation Department to recruit 25 HISD 5th graders who are not enrolled in the First Tee Program to participate in the clinic.  AWARD CATEGORIES  "Caryakid" trophies will be awarded for the following winning foursomes:  First Place  Low Gross Second Pl