 how did my august position change?  i didn't trade any august today. 
 i have a question on my p&l.  how did the hedge book make money on change in price when it was long and the market went down? 
 this announcement has not gone out for that reason.  we have had a number of discussions about it since this was drafted and there seems to be some concern about it being inside one of the business units since it is supposed to handle investments across the company and would be bringing the EBS assets with it.  your suggestion that it might report to andy has some merit, but there may be other options.  what would you think if we established an investment committee consisting of me, rice, and delainey and made garland responsible to that group.  we would have all of the relevent business units represented and the p&l would ultimately be allocated to the one in which the investment originated.  do you think that would work?  it might go a long way to satisfying all constituents. 
 you should look into this.  not that there are necessarily violations, but there have to at least be questions.  i used to get a curve report that showed curve graphs on a volume bar chart.  have you looked at anything like that lately?  you can find problems with a pretty quick scan. 
 where are you right now?  i am in london.  are you around? 
 by this ratio the rest ot the power group is really underperforming!!!! 
 don't know about the relationship with dave,  you'll have to work on that one.  i will talk to stan, but i can't believe he has any interest in developing power plants anywhere.  Portland General did just get a dash approved for building about 45 mw in oregon.  Stan Horton called me about it, and he was going to have someone in Portland (i'll remember the name in a minute)  call tim belden about our fundamental analysis of the region. Stan also mentioned the there is an unregulated side of PGE that is enterring into these transactions.  He wondered if that part of PGE should belong in EWS.  Talk to tim and we'll decide how to approach that next week. 
 call liz and get on my calendar.  maybe we can grab lunch or something.  i heard about the ag meeting.  sounds like things could have gone better, but it also sounds like jeff was a little difficult.  he never has liked the notion of that business though.  i'll try to explain it next week.  greg 
 Fernley,  Per my voicemail, are you available to meet w/Greg Whalley on Thursday, June 5 for about an hour?  Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor 
 Hi Drew,  Greg will be in the London office from early Tuesday afternoon through end-of-business day on Thursday, June 7.  Are you available to meet w/him for about an hour? He's available Tuesday afternoon until 5:00 p.m.  Wednesday there are a few slots available, and Thursday he is wide open.  If you could e-mail me your availability that would be great.  Also, Greg will be carrying mobile number +44 7901516638.  Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor 
 Hi Matthew,  Greg will be in the London office from early Tuesday afternoon through end-of-business day on Thursday, June 7.  Are you available to meet w/him for about an hour? He's available Tuesday afternoon until 5:00 p.m.  Wednesday there are a few slots available, and Thursday he is wide open.  Please advise.  If you could e-mail me your availability that would be great.  Also, Greg will be carrying mobile number +44 7901516638.  Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor 
 would you have any interest? 
 Hi Richard,  Per my voicemail, are you available for at least an hour to meet w/Greg Whalley while he is in London?  He is wide open on Thursday.  Please advise.  Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor - E.A. to Greg Whalley 
 Joe,  I have slotted you 90 minutes w/Greg on Wednesday @ 4:00 p.m.  Greg is scheduled to participate in a Houston conference call @ 5:30 p.m.  You guys are connecting again for dinner.  Please let me know the time and location for dinner on Wednesday night.  Also, Greg says his schedule is open enough that he would like to hang out on the floor w/you and your guys.  He will be officing over by John Sherriff and the mobile number he's carrying is +44 7901516638.  Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor 
 i assumed it was intentional, but wanted to make sure.  for the moment it works, but if our volumes continue to rise, we need to move to absolute numbers 
 your volume comparison chart is off by a factor of 10.  each contract is 1000 bbls. 
 Subject: Enron Wholesale Budget Meeting  Date:  Tuesday, June 19  Time:  11:00 a.m. CST  Location: EB32C2 
 great job!! 
 he's a trip 
  Subject: Whalley's Budget Meeting  Date:  Tuesday, June 12  Time:  11:00 a.m. CST  Location: EB32C2   Please notify me only if you are unable to attend.  Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor x31935 
 Greg Whalley's four diamond level Astros tickets, plus parking pass, are available for the games listed below.  Please advise me, asap,  if you have an interest.  Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor x31935  COL  Wednesday, June 20 @ 7:05 p.m. CIN  Thursday, June 21 @ 7:05 p.m. 
 sorry about that,  i forgot that the options are held in that book.  i dont have any questions. 
   I'm not sure this memo doesn't get you even more noise.   Can't you just get around to your leaders and explain what you are doing?  The memo sounds too negative and could damage morale further. 
 ya think?     these guys wanted to pitch me on what they can do to track afgan weather.  i don't see how we could possibly make money with that!! 
 i know that power will open at 6:30.  will the gas markets be open then?  we figured that we might go with 7 so that both were open. 
 sorry it took me so long to get back to you.  i will probably get to calgary again sometime this month.  i'll let you know when and maybe we can get together.  greg 
 was this necessary? 
 don't know.  we'll see. 
 I'm sorry I haven't been more involved is setting this up, but I think the agenda looks kond of soft.  At a minimum, I would like to turn the schedule around and hit the hard subjects like Q3, risk management, and asset sales first.  I would also like to see a discussion on our funds flow, cash flow, and our balance sheet.  If we don't get these things right, none of the rest of it matters.  Also, I notice that Cindy Olson and Beth Tilney are in attendance.  This should only be for presentation, as they are not members of the management committee.  It also seems a bit unusual to have Beth Tilney present for a discussion on company image and presentation, and not have Mark Palmer. 
 reading todays comments, i guess i'm one of the not ready for prime time players !!  can't you make them say nice things about me?  i could get my feelings hurt here.  i must say that i'm glad to here that i am "very young". 
 we were trying to get an extension on the oz deal.  did we get it? we need to figure out what the schedule is on this deal and i would like to spend some more time on the pricing.  i am going to have a problem with this claims trading meeting in the morning.  we may need to postpone. 
 got your message on cta.   it usually gets picked up in the analysis, but i guess tax usually does too.  this tax issue seemed to surprise everyone.  hopefully we can get a handle on the true impact of any sales soon.  \ by the way, i guess ken told someone today that we would make the numbers.  we need to be careful until we know what the numbers are.  are you around on wednesday?  we should talk about a few things. 
 are you putting together an analysis and recommendation on the new goodwill rules?  i would like to get together to talk about this next week. 
 go ahead with fallon's guaranteed bonus proposal 
 who sends out messages like these?  what is the current policy?  does this mean that deleted items are kept, or just saved ones?  30 days is a really long time!!!1 
 yes, this is the reason i was looking for him.  i will try to see him in london.  i also talked to sally and will follow up with another meeting.  jay webb seems to be okay. 
 we're making some headway.  get me a copy of your contact list, and annotate those who have traded.  let's try and get a meeting next week. 
 we need to be really careful with a decision to get closer to the company, notwithstanding our fiduciary responsibility.  i do agree with either getting in or out.  we should either get more active, or abandon our board seats and get some distance. 
 let me know when and i'll see if i can make it.  you should call greg piper too. 
  i don't know what this is about, but i thought i'd send it to you 
  what is this? 
 no 
 if you want a jet allocation we need to talk about it.  as fare as these folks are concerned they get zero hours.  make thaat clear to avaition, or call liz and tell her to cancel their authorization. 
 Please have all your people in the leadership category (90k & above) make their United Way contribution now.  -Greg 
 jim hughes also knows him well and sent me a message about a dinner he is having with bo soon.  i told him to mention that we would be happy to discuss the interaction between eol and enymex.  if you talk to him soon, relay the same message. 
 not really.  just let him know that we would be happy to discuss how enrononline and enymex can interact. 
 i don't know whose id's these are.  they are not mine, but i know that they are still in use because i see them trading sometime.  check with lavorato and shankman on these. 
 grant him access 
 i am in london next week.  are you using the video conference for this meet= ing? =20 
 does this mean that on a volatility basis he thinks the options are attractively priced?  if so, i don't want him having any input to their pricing. 
 thanks for the help 
 Given what our announcement next week is going to look like,  do you think it is a good idea to issue some options to some key players soon after the announcement.  as sort of a down payment on bonus perhaps.  i think it would be best to keep it to a reasonably small group.  lets try to talk tomorrow and see if you have anyone we need to do this for. 
 we are bringing ebs into ews even if we don't change our reporting segments, so go ahead and pick them up. 
 Your guys need you.  I'm completely out of control!!! 
 i talked with sanders yesterday about our reactions to this subpoena and the one from the state senate.  we are having a meeting on monday morning to discuss what to do. 
 don't know.  ask a brit. 
 haven't heard a word 
 do you know that your receivables have been increasing over the past few months?  currently i understand that you have about $800mm in outstanding receivables.  i don't know what the aging looks like, but it seems like