 All of our producers have cut us off, and I hate to try and get them in a deal with us because I don't know if they will get paid.  I would talk to Lee at BR, I know he is under water with the Canadian Hunter acquisition.  You would be a major star at Hanover, any interest?  I think I would talk to Kinder Morgan.  They have a lot of projects on the books, as well as Calpine.  They really need gas help.  Good Luck and stay in touch. 
 Thursday would be great. 
 Actually I don't have your number. 
 What are the cost per trade? 
 Haven't heard form you in awhile.  Thought you might find this funny. 
 This is still rough, but it is a little better. 
 Don't tell her I sent you this. 
 You scare me! 
 Get to work on thursday. 
 I bought in today I think that we are very near the bottom.  Mid-teens has to be a good buy.  Famous last words! 
 I won't be available from2:00 to 2:45 mountain time 
  Worsley, you might even be able to find a woman with this kind of service.  Or if you prefer I hear they have some cute goats. 
 Reminds of the old TLC days. 
  May have to reschedule until the end of next week to bring Bruce to Houston.  What does Thurs/Friday of next week look like. 
 We are reviewing the security tapes today.  The tape doesn't lie!  303-575-6473 
 Could you check this out?  It should be on my Mastercard 
 Can we meet next Tuesday on October 30th?  Afternoon is prefferable. 
 I will start to get you some good ones. 
 If you have  a minute, give us an update.  We just want to protect our customers ASAP if we can.  We would like to set up alternative purchasers for our producers. 
 I told Alicia that she and the kids are eating way too much!  She told me that her Oils business is really taking off!  I think she may need to start turning tricks! 
 No I am delerious because I am too poor to eat.  It should be Lost Creek. 
 I would like to see you get on the Denver 1/2 day schedule.  Any 12 hours you choose from 6:00 A. M. to 8:00 P.M. 
  Sue, Just wanted to let you know that we filed comments in support of Xcel's ability to manage price risk and be incentivized to do so.  If you have questions about our comments, give me a call.  303-575-6473  Thanks, Mark 
  These are draft versions of the interruptible purchase agreement and confirm for your gas into Fort Union.  Think about what you what to do for term, volume etc.  We will then add in the gathering charges.  We are pretty flexible, so let me know what works for Patina.  Thanks,  Mark 
  Brian,  I propose that we use the attached contracts for the bridge between our two term deals.  Mark 
 It works for me.  Steve, would that be possible for you? 
 What is your fax number?  I will send you the project summary. 
 I have to go to the management meeting in San Antonio on the afternoon of the 14th.  Would it be possible to meet in Denver on the morning of the 14th? 
 Would Nov. 1 or 2 work for either of you?  Email me your fax number and I will fax you a copy of what the developers have given me.  Thanks 
 We wre downgraded today and will probably go bankrupt in the next two days.  You should probably not come in tomorrow.  You can if you want but you may not get paid.  Call me. 303-575-6473. 
 Plain vanilla intervention is fine. 
 We are going to do a month to month interupptible purchase agreement with Patina Oil and Gas.  The gas will be delivered into Lost Creek.  The price will be Gas Daily Cig Midpoint index flat.  The flows will vary daily depending upon well production.  I am not sure if we have an interruptible purchase agreement with Kennedyl  Did Paul ask you to put together a wellhead purchase for Huber in the Powder River Basin? 
 What time are you meeting today?  Do you want me to participate? 
 No changes to mine. 
 ENA and Crestone (Northern Border's non-regulated affiliate) met with a group of developers and Joe Meyer, Secretary of State in Wyoming, who have proposed to build a 200 MW power plant (expandable to 500 MW) in the Powder River basin of Wyoming.  Their "angle" is that the existing utility, Powder River Electric Coop, cannot meet the demand for electricity and the necessary distribution infrastructure to maintain the pace of development in the Coal Bed Methane BOOM that is happening in the basin.  As you may or may not know, Enron has been very involved in this Coal Bed Methane play since 1998.  ENA is the largest purchaser of 3rd party gas in the basin and Crestone is the largest non-producer gathering company in the basin.  Crestone has a gathering trunkline located near their proposed site.  The developers will be filing a petition to remove this area from the COOP's certificated territory in the next couple of weeks.  There are obviously regulatory issues revolving around their ability to gain access to this "retail" market and the project would not be economically feasible as a merchant plant in the wholesale market.  However, they seem to have some political backing.  These developers recognize that they need Enron's assistance in developing this project on three main fronts:  1.  Power Marketing and Project development 2.  Gas Supplies and Pipeline access 3.  Regulatory and Transmission expertise  Given the fact that Joe Meyer is the early favorite to be the next Wyoming Governor and we are trying to work well with the State of Wyoming, and we have a natural competitive advantage in this market from a gas supply and pipeline perspective, I would like to pursue this opportunity a little further.  Therefore, I am wondering if I could get a Sr. Commercial Power Representative and a Regulatory Representative (Steve Walton would be good since he will be on the Wyoming Energy Commission), to attend a meeting in Denver with myself and the Crestone representatives sometime in the next 2 weeks.  Please give me a call and I can elaborate on the opportunity or answer your questions.  I don't want to make this email a novel!  Thanks a lot.  303-575-6473 
 Let's set something up for monday 
   I only added one line, otherwise it looks good. 
 I wish I was that smart! 
 I can show you what the difference is between Cheyenne Hub daily prices and CIG first of the month index prices, but that is kind of like apples and oranges.  To clarify, you do not have to buy on Enron Online (EOL), we can quote you physical prices over the phone and you can use EOL for price discovery.  You do not have to decide that now.  My recommendation is the attached:   Major changes are:  Volume - 20,000 mmbtu/d Price - Gas Daily Cheyenne Midpoint plus $.05 Demand Charge- $6,000 per month  In addition. Enron will provide market based pricing for additional volumes above 20,000 mmbtu  All of this is of course subject to negotiation of the appropriate contracts and Enron's review of the PSCo transportation contract.  Let me know what you think. 
 No problem 
 The following customers are currently covered by Fred Lagrasta's middle market desk primarily for derivative transactions.  In all cases except for Hallwood, ENA Denver has a relationship with these customers that primarily covers their physical business, we would like to expand that business to cover their Derivative business as well.  The list is based on priority.  We would be willing to cover them for their West Gas business only.  Fred could continue to cover their East, Central and Oil/Liquids business.  Xcel Energy (PSCo) and affiliate e Prime. Devon Energy Cross Timbers Hallwood Energy Forest Oil Prima Patina Oil and Gas Westport 
 Those dates are fine.  Of course I am sending this to you on the morning of the 19th so maybe you are already here.  I will be your contact.  We are at 1200 17th St. Suite 2750.  the office is  in the process of being subdivided so it will be easiest if you come by and I show you what we are doing.  Call me if you need anything at 303-575-6473. 
 The only thing we need to make sure we are covered on is all the Huber purchases in the Powder River will be starting on Dec 1.  They could be quite involved.  So let's make sure we are ready, especially if you are out. 
  Please put together your vacation schedules for the rest of the year and forward to Heidi by 10/25/01.  Heidi, please organize these into one summary and let me see them before they go to Barry. 
 Here is an opportunity to get a box for one of the games.  Detroit on Feb 4th would be great!  That is a Monday.  If you and Kim wanted to you could come up and ski that weekend prior.  Let me know what you think. 
  Could you have someone draft an interruptible purchase agreement for Pioneer Oil.  I will forward you the address. 
  This is all I have 
 We have to go to Little Bear.  Opie Gone Bad is the band.  They are back. 
 Please include the following language:  If both parties agree, the CIG Index portion of the pricing can be changed during the term of the contract to reflect other market and transport opportunities. 
 Laine could you add Jay to your email distribution list? His address is jay.reitmeyer@enron.com 
  Let's take this injto consideration for Kennedy's Recluse gas.  Let's get a proposal from Grasslands and we can put together a summary of the options for Kennedy. 
 This is the contract # on El Paso if you need it. 
 Please look at this.  I didn't know how deep to go with the desk.  Do you think this works. 
 Let's Plan on watching this. 
 The temp that I hired started today and I would like to make sure she gets paid for today and tommorow.  She knows that is all she can expect.  Let me know if that is a problem. 
 Can we get this? 
 That should keep you busy! 
 Bud Cranford bcranford@home.com 
  Not suprising! 
 The attached can act as a starting point for discussions around Enron's purchase of Pioneer's Powder River Basin Methane supplies.  Once you have reviewed it please give me a call at 303-575-6473 and we can discuss it. 
 I have been sick all week so it has limited my drinking ability.  Plan on getting lit tonight.  Industry response has been great towards us personally and we have quite a few options.  It is possible that on Monday you will see an announcement on a sale of the trading company, or at least it's employment contracts.  I will let you know what happens. 
 That is great! 
 I made a few small changes 
 I suggest that you build a boxing ring in the back yard!  Let's try to get together soon.  Sounds like we have both been too busy! 
 I like those kinds of schedules! 
 Heidi, Please sum up my costs and Paul's cost for this trip and forward to Barry.  Barry,  All of the Hotel costs were on my credit card, so all Paul should have is his airfare and incidentals.  But we will sum it up for you. 
 I would let her know that there is no definite timeline but we are closing a transaction next week. 
 Discuss with Stephanie and Barry. 
 Let's talk it through. 
  Please review and share your comments and concerns. 
 Theresa Staab and I would like to come to Houston on Monday and spend some time with you and Jason on Tuesday.  We need to discuss some specifics on the purchase proposal such as how you want each netback to be determined, logistics and documentation.  Let me know what time would work for you on Tuesday.  We probably need a fair amount of time.  Tyrell and I are working on a monetization structure for your gathering system.  Can you tell me if the Oil and Gas Division was able to keep the gains associated with the rollout of the hedges?  We think we might have a structure worth looking at.  P.S. Dan and I would like to call you on Friday in regards to the Ft Union capacity.  Some time in the afternoon. 
 Please find the attached. 
 Brian, After talking to our legal department it seems that in order to effectuate the wellhead purchase we will need assignment of the Williams contract instead of being agent.  This is important because we will have title to the gas at Durango.  Therefore we need to have the contract assigned to us.  Can you talk to Williams ASAP and see if that is a problem?  Thanks  Mark 
 please add tbutt@pioneeroil-co.com 
  Please find the attached Firm Contract 
 That is cool. 
 Please find the attached draft version of our proposed gas supply structure.  We have focused on minimizing your fixed charges while still giving you the right to call on up to 30,000 mmbtu/d of Firm Cheyenne supplies.  In addition, Enron will manage your transportation and imbalances associated with your PSCO transportation contracts.  Obviously we will need to see those contracts prior to finalizing this transaction in order to assure we can meet those obligations.  In addition, I am sure we will need to "tweak" this proposal to meet you physical requirements (volumes, terms etc.)  Please give me a call once you have had a chance to review the attached.  Mark Whitt 303-575-6473 
  Updated 
 How much does Logan weigh?  Does he stand a chance against his brothers? 
 How is the little one?  I'm sorry I missed the date! 
 I don't know why it did not go.  It was huge!  He called it within 15 yds. and took it with a bow.  We missed you in Jackson! Weather was great, so was the fishing. 
  Updated 
 A hot dog at Enron Field cost. $3.00 
 I am so sorry about Jack.  It is very difficult for me to accept that he is gone.  He was a very special man to me as I was growing up.  Jack was as much like an Uncle to me as any of my blood relatives.  He always represented the pillar of strength while still being able to to be one of the most loving and compassionate people I have ever known.  To me Jack was everything a man was supposed to be.  It always made me proud to talk to Jack about my football games and later on the oil and gas business.  It was neat that in a way I was following a similiar path in life to the one that Jack had taken.  And when my daughter was born I began to see how he must of felt about his three wonderful daughters, who I still consider to be like sisters to me.  I was so excited when Little Jack was born this year because I knew how proud and excited he must have been to finally have his boy.  I hope someday I have the opportunity to tell him what a special man his Grandpa was.  The thing I always will remember about Jack was that when he walked into a room, he filled it up, not because of his size, but because of his enormous personality and lust for life.  He could always put a smile on your face. The world has lost a very special man.  I know this is hard for you and the girls.  It is hard for me to write this without breaking up. I Love you guys and wish I was there with you.  Love  Mark Whitt 
 I did but I didn't activate it.  So I thought it wasn't any good anymore and threw it away. 
 I have forwarded this to our credit department. 
 Please also fax this letter to our credit war room in Houston.  The # is 303-646-3227. 
 Sorry you are correct. 713 is correct.  It has been a long week.  Thanks Mark 
 That was friday night. 
  Did he ever have any taste? 
 The graduate has to buy drinks for all of her unemployed friends! 
 please download and make a backup copy. 
 Ireached Barry yeaterday at 011-529-848-7400  Rm.1607.  Are you sure your info is correct? 
 Please fax this to the fax number I provided last week. 
 Let's get a new product. 
 I think they will struggle to get the 175 MM/d.  Have you heard anybody else contemplating taking space on Western Frontier? 
 Look at the weekly strategy product for producers.  Let's see what one of these will look like for our customers. 
 That sounds good. 
 We are probably more interested in people who have more experience in the Western U.S.  Preferably direct producer relationships and Rocky Mountain Utilities and Industrials.  We don't do any trading in the Denver office.  Thanks for the lead though. 
 Is this your final version?  If not, we need the final so we can get fundies to set up the updates. 
 Thanks for coming to Denver for the meeting.  I know it seems like a longshot but if it happens I think we have an excellent shot at being involved in some respect.  Thanks again.  Mark 
 That sports email was great! ! 
 Are you saying that the U.S. Producers are hedging their Canadian Production with U.S. counterparties as opposed to Canadian counterparties?  Or are the decisions being made in the U.S. and executed in Canada? 
 Just wanted to let you know how Brian was responding. 
 We decide to leave out the $ value in order to focus them on the structure.  I do not see the conversation about option values on the pipe? 
 Enron North America does transactions with the following companies which may be considered Enron Affiliates:  Crestone Energy Ventures Bear Paw Energy Lost Creek Gas Gathering  All three companies are primarily gas gathering companies. 
 I had not heard that there was a discussion today. However, since we ran the economics for Huber and discovered that Enron's books do not appropriately value the Permian capacity, we have been trying to convince BP that the value of the capacity is greater than the basis spread becase of the optionality associated with the variable costs of fuel and commodity.  We used to have a model that the transport group us