 I had received this in an e-mail, wasn't sure if you had gotten a copy.  Stacey 
 This the latest on the move.  Stacey 
 That's it for me.  Stacey 
 FYI  Stacey 
   Here you go.  Stacey 
 Can you tell me what the post-id was on my original file?  Stacey 
 thanks 
 Hope this helps a little bit re: RisktRAC.  After talking to Jeff, I believe the key to book codes is ensuring from IT that we can use whatever we want as the database will be entry.  Andrea, I agree that you should keep a power list and Kam should keep the gas list.  Also, just wondering if when we set up the gas books should we have also put in requests for gas daily, basis, index, etc.  I couldn't remember how that worked.  Stacey 
 What is she talking about?  Stacey 
  Thought you would think this was funny.  Stacey 
 Was in a meeting with UBS at this time.  Sorry.  Stacey 
 Can you have someone do this?  I forgot to put it on the group's To Do list for the week.  (Besides, I thought I would do it myself, but never seem to find time).  Stacey 
 Does anyone know what the status of this change is for the West?  Stacey 
 Whenever we asked to give terminated information for the Estate we should include the 'Alberta ENA Bankruptcy' portfolio.  The transactions in this portfolio are transactions entered into by Canada using a ENA contract that has now been terminated.  If you have specific questions, please contact Kathy Reeves.  Stacey 
 Leslie,  Here is the most updated list of pre-bankruptcy payouts.  Do you think Evelyn, Bryce, etc. could put together numbers for outstanding payable/receivable?  Stacey 
 You just let me know what y'all decide. 
 Thanks! 
 If you have not already done so, please send instructions to users (or IT support) to update machines in Portland.  Thanks, Stacey 
 I didn't hear much more than that myself.  Stacey 
 I heard that.  How was the floor meeting?  Stacey 
 Steven Luong and Nick are working on a better list with more specific names.  I'll keep you informed.  Stacey 
 Jeremy,  We will need no additional curves.  Only those designated by the gas group will need to be moved.  Thanks for the heads-up.  Stacey 
 What is the exact name for Georgia Pacific?  We do not see any transactions with them in the system.  Stacey 
 Casey,  Can you please auto-schedule the following deals for December.  Please let Leslie and I know when you are complete.  Stacey  Deal # 114998 578961 578964 578965 
 John - Not even the Dec #'s are done yet?  I believe they are planning on mass drafting Monday, so whatever is in the system at this time will go to Unify.  We might as well match Unify even if it is wrong, I guess.  Leslie - thoughts?  Stacey 
 Sonia,  Kim may have some changes to the seating assignments.  I believe these changes will also affect where Evelyn's settlements group sits.  Please coordinate changes and then send me a list of desk #'s and associated names.  I need to forward this information to Lloyd Will.  Thanks, Stacey 
 The orig trading books can be set up at a later date.  It should be a while before we have any activity of that sort.  We ran financial liquidations because we have not had any additions to the financial terminations.  I am working on one more big set of counterparties who had auto-termination language in their master agreements.  I vote we catch up with all the information we have as of today and then run liquidations on Monday.  What do you guys think?  Stacey 
 Thanks 
 Are the numbers in Canadian $'s?  If so, can you send me conversions.  Thanks, Stacey 
 I have to run, but call me tomorrow.  I have an idea of what your difference might be caused from.  Stacey 
 Please start the following task in the morning:  Using the Official 11-30 calcs that you exported deal summaries from, add the following counterparty's MTM by desk: Constellation Energy Authority Sempra Energy Trading Public Service of Colorado  I believe the calc that identified our top-levels had extra transactions or values that did not fall out of our books.  Once you have figured out the total for the above counterparties compare them to your top-levels.  Thanks, Stacey 
 I have not recompared the Master Log to the 'Physical Terminated' spreadsheet.  This is just an update of my initial review.  Any comments would be appreciated.  I have also not included the Auto Terminations that we found out about today.  After tomorrow's updates, I will do these.  We are planning on moving the auto-terminations identified by David and confirmed by Kimberly to the bankruptcy book tomorrow.  If anyone has a problem with the counterparties identified, please let me know as soon as possible  Thanks,  Stacey 
 I have an 11:00, so I will have to leave early.  Stacey 
 Each of you needs to send a book request for the East & West portfolios for the counterparties listed in the following spreadsheet.  The spreadsheet identifies those counterparties which we are still performing under the contracts.  Please create a East-Performance and a West-Performance book.  We then need to get all deals with the following counterparties moved to those books.  I would suggest you pull the values out of AdHoc as of 12/31 for the counterparties by desk before transferring them to the new desk.  Obviously these transactions will create prior days and the amount will run through the P&L in the old and new books and flatten out.  The remaining prior day value will need to be in Schedule E.  Stacey 
 As soon as we finish calcing our book on Friday, we should be good to go.  We will start as soon as possible. 
 When: Thursday, January 10, 2002 4:30 PM-5:00 PM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada). Where: ECS05102  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* 
 Do you know if the rest of these auto-terminations apply to all deals we have with this counterparties, or just certain deals?  Please look into them and let me know as soon as possible.  Stacey 
   Let me know if you need anything else.  Stacey 
 Please don't forget to send this to us so we will have a record.  Stacey 
 login:  swhite pword: russ17duke 
 When: Thursday, January 10, 2002 2:30 PM-3:30 PM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada). Where: Sonia can you set up on 5 in new building  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*  Sonia,  It looks like you have a meeting from 2-4, so can you send me any documentation that you may have done re: any seating arrangements in the new building.  Thanks, Stacey 
 We are through the 'As of 1-7' tabs.    Stacey 
 Don,  Could you have someone send me the newest list of counterparties (both East & West) that we are still performing with.  Thanks, Stacey 
 Sally,  John Postlethwaite, Donnie Vinson and Casey Evans all have the title of Associate Director.  Kathy Reeves was a manager previously so I assume she is also an Associate Director.  I will be out of the office the rest of this afternoon for a doctor's appointment.  If you need me I will have my cell phone 281-382-5215.  Thanks, Stacey 
 The users I would start with are:  Todd Warwick Frank Cernosek  Stacey 
 Tim,  John's communication regarding not updating December was in order to complete December liquidations for accounting and settlements last week.  However, we were then informed that settlements would not draft their billing until the 14th of January so we then retracted our 'hold' on updating December schedule.  Any updates that can be made in order for settlements to get the most accurate data would be most appreciated.  In addition, the cash flow forecast (as indicated by Don) will be coordinated through Kristin.  I do not believe you will have to do any work for this as all the data will come from our risk calculations and true settlement information.  Thanks, Stacey 
 Do you need any help?  Stacey 
 Thanks - Merry Christmas! 
 This is possible.  Probably won't be until tomorrow.  Stacey 
 Just make sure this is OK.  Stacey 
 The e-mail was sent on 1/3/2002, but the detail states that "TXU Energy Trading Company should be considered terminated effective December 2, 2001 by reason of an automatic termination provision in the agreement between TXU and EPMI".  The e-mail does not give any details on ENA, ECC, of EES.  Stacey 
 Please send a power and gas book request for Andy Zipper.  Thanks, Stacey 
 I have two other meetings at this time.  Stacey 
 After talking to Tom I have a new plan of attack for Schedule E's.  He informed me that the top-levels were typically put in at one region level per roll.  I had Zhiyun re-run the killed deals calc (post id 15667).  Everyone should go back into the rolls and put the top-levels into their correct regions also adjusting the Schedule E's.  This is why the differences are so large in certain areas and the only way we can start to pinpoint the problem is to find the problem spots.  I have also identified where the $4.6 MM difference for OPPD arose from.  Deal # 11678.04 has not been transferred into the East Bank book.  In addition, there are no volumes in this deals; however, if you look back to the official 11/30/2001 calc there are volumes for this deal.  It gets more bizarre than that because there were two deals that should have been transferred for OPPD (11678.4, and 564826.1).  Deal 564826.1 was transferred but the valuations are approximately $4MM different.  I have printed detail for deals 11678.4 and 564826.1 (they are in Casey's chair) as of the 11/30/2001 official calc.  I have also printed deal 564826.1 in the 11/30/2001 bankruptcy calc.  I noticed that I cannot see any swap detail reports for the bankruptcy calc.  Please re-calc and generate these reports as they will probably be important as we dig into details.  Other than Andrea who has to perform some IT testing, no one should be working (or playing) on anything other than trying to get these Schedule E's and top-levels figured out.  The task is actually very important as there will be many decisions made off of these numbers.  Thanks, Stacey 
 Here is the latest results from our valuation engine.  Please let me know if you see any mistakes.  We will update with your newest changes tomorrow, so you can exclude those from your evaluation.  I also noticed that their is a financial UI transaction.  I believe this was just an oversite and have asked Casey to look into it.  Thanks, Stacey 
 I have already updated the Physical and Financial Terminated spreadsheets with these updates.  Please have your groups start the split/clean-up scheduling process for the new counterparties.  Stacey 
 This is coming from Kathy Reeves.  Give her a call.  Stacey 
 Why is there still a financial position in the East portfolio for UI?  Stacey 
   Let me know if this is not what you need.  Stacey 
 Casey,  Can you have someone follow up with Hai and Harry and see how all these reports are working?  Stacey 
 Please find attached the Integration Plan for Power Risk Management.  If you need this information consolidated or expanded just let me know.  Thanks, Stacey 
 You can contact Leslie Reeves for this information.  Stacey 
 Should we request the LT-Option book to be attached to Andy Zipper?  Any other books needed for him?  Will he be allowed to trade all regions?  Thanks, Stacey 
 Looks good - you mention month-end deadlines.  You also might want to mention the work that goes on during month-end close and how that could potentially affect trading P&L.  Stacey 
 I know of nothing in stage that I use.  I would like to make sure Casey and John both agree with me.  Stacey 
 Casey and John can get back to you on your specific question re: Canada.  However, I wanted to let you know that our DPR will more than likely not be final until Friday.  Hopefully we can get you all reports then.  We have had to leave the DPR open due to many terminations that are still funneling our way and we are getting the 12-31 data as clean as possible for the estate.  Stacey 
 Please let me know your thoughts on the following correspondence.  We are in the process of putting together our integration plan and the interest rate curve is one of our biggest stumbling blocks since the interest rate group will not be going to NEWCO.  As you can see, your name has been volunteered and I need to know what all you will need access to in order to get this curve to the Risk Management groups on a timely (preferably 2:00 p.m.) basis.  Thanks, Stacey 
 Wonder if he knows this?  Stacey 
 This looks good.   I originally had a headcount of 11.  If you added one to my headcount, then I agree.  Stacey 
 This is information on the testing you will be performing this afternoon.  Stacey 
 I can meet Tuesday anywhere from 9:00 to 3:00 (the meeting would have to end at 3:00 because I have a Dr's appt.).  Wednesday, I am totally open.  Stacey 
 I am not personally interested in any positions currently.  Thank you, Stacey White 
 Vlad,  Here is the latest book list based on book requests.  The one item I know has not been requested is Andy Zipper as the LT-Option trader.  When we request this and it is complete, we will send you an update.  Stacey 
 Would 10:00 our time work?  Stacey 
 They are rotating one person out a day starting Monday.  We will not be setting up the West books.  I would like to meet with you and Casey Monday morning if possible.  You can still be at home as long as we can call you.  Stacey 
 We have been officializing every day and the information is obviously as good as the curves.  Every other Friday is just as good as any other day.  Stacey 
 I believe two of you is fine.  We have stopped our rotation in the East and will have lots of work to do re: setting up books, continuing with terminations etc.  Until it becomes evident, continue on.  Stacey 
 Go ahead and include counterparties on our power list even if they do not have any outstanding trades.  That way, if anyone is comparing our lists later on their will be no discrepancy and they won't have to ask us again.  Thanks for all the other information.  Stacey 
 Fine by me. 
 As of now I should have no employees on the Estate list.  Israel Estrada was on the list previously, but we have moved him to Power Global Rates in Netco.  Stacey 
 Can one of you resend me the unarchive shortcut to 2000 data?  Stacey 
 Here is the latest Master.  It is kind of a cluster.  The easiest way to pi= ck out power is to set an AutoFilter and look at Enron Entity column.  Stacey 
   Let me know how I can help.  Stacey 
 Christina,  Just wanted to let you know that Donnie will be joining us for the 11:30 meeting.  Thanks, Stacey 
 Please review and let me know if I have misrepresented any counterparties.  If you want me to add comments, send them to me and I will incorporate.  Thanks, Stacey  David, Just to make sure you know, the Power Physical Terminated Transactions spreadsheet, is put together by Melissa from information she has received from Master Log and other.  This is our primary source for moving transactions into the bankruptcy book as she review to ensure that the contracts terminated cover all our trades.  Thanks, Stacey 
 Thank you 
 Now that Will has been cleaning out scheduling tables, will you ensure that the prepays in the document below are still in the scheduling system.  If they are not, we can autoschedule them.  Thanks, Stacey 
 One more forward of terminated counterparties.  Won't promise this will be the last.  Stacey 
 Melissa,  Here are some more to investigate!  Stacey 
 Melissa,  Can you find out if this Master Energy Purchase and Sale Agreement covers all our deals with TXU?  Stacey 
 Min,  I am so happy that you were moved to the Netco list.  Thank you for all your hard work and the efforts you have put forth to learn our needs and react quickly to them. I look forward to working with you in the future.  Stacey 
 Melissa,  Here are some more.  Just keeping you in the loop.  Stacey 
 Thank you regarding Min.  He does an extreme amount of work for us and I believe going forward we will need more rather than less of Excel type reports.  Stacey 
 Fran,  Congratulations!  I can't believe you didn't call and tell me.  Can't wait to see the ring.  Stacey 
 Thank you! 
 One more to look for.  Stacey 
 See point 2 below - just wanted you to be on the lookout for MidAmerican.  Stacey 
 No I had another meeting at this time.  Stacey 
 We have many deals in the system with UI, but they are all part of one contract.  To my knowledge, this is the only big contract we have with them.  Just wanted to let you know because going through all the deals would be time consuming and they basically are one huge deal.  Stacey 
  Have you seen documentation on these counterparties?  Stacey 
 I have another meeting at this time.  Can we reschedule or can I send someone else?  Stacey 
 Just wanted you to be aware of our concerns regarding Min Zheng.  He is our Excel support and is called upon on a daily basis for help.  Thanks, Stacey 
 I spoke to Tim today regarding the prepayment transactions with terminated counterparties.  He constructed this e-mail in response.  Hope this clarifies.  Have a Merry Christmas, Stacey 
 This is the latest draft of pre-bankruptcy pay-outs.  I have put all the information I have, please add any that you may know.  Have a Merry Christmas! 
  Please forward to the following: Nick Hiemstra Ed Baughman Naveed Ahmed  The request is for the East and West portfolios (non-terminated).  Don't forget to include Capacity and show separately in queries. By Portfolio, by Counterparty, by Category Code - P&L and delta by month.  Also send a P&L update to Elizabeth Sager and Don Miller.  The original files are 'East by Counterparty' and 'West by Counterparty'.  Stacey 
  In order to point to the UBS environment in EnPower you need to change your PortCalc Host to the following.  This screen is reached through Tools - Option Environment.  Also, copy the PortCalc Host into your FTP Host:    Let me know if you have any questions.  Stacey  <Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)> 
 I was out of the office yesterday when you called.  It looks like you have received as much information as we have from Jeff.  Thanks again for your continued help.  Hope all is well.  Stacey 
 I ran deal data for the counterparties we received termination notification on today.  I did not want to start moving deals while you were running calcs, so we can just do this tomorrow.  The deals are on the 'East New as of 12-19' and the 'West New as of 12-19' tabs.   Stacey     P.S. Don't forget about Will's new application in stage.  Stacey 
 I have put this file together for our investigation.  Have to run to a meeting, can discuss later.  Stacey 
 Good News!!!  The termination spreadsheets have been updated.  There are three new counterparties for physical and one new counterparty for financial.  Will Smith has moved a new version of Deal Liquidation into stage for us to use going forward.  It incorporates both his script for moving deals to Bankruptcy books and splitting deals on their termination dates.  Please look at this so we can use it on our updates.  Stacey 
 Dana,  Here are the values of the annuities in the book as of 12/18/2001.  These annuities represent amounts UI paid to Enron for the specified PPA's taken on during the transaction.  Stacey  Deal #		Description			Amount 277987		Bridgeport/RESCO from UI	$132,435,059 277854		Derby Hydro pmt from UI		$      432,504 277816		Shelton	Landfill pmt from UI	$    1,271,462   The following list represents other values associated with Resco, Derby and Shelton.   Deal #		Description			Amount 277987		Resco Deal			$(139,333,170) 257449.2	Receipt of capacity Resco	$    3,889,708 255034		Longs - Derby Hydro		$        (29,107) 257449.4	Receipt of capacity Shelton	$         49,488  I have also attached a file with UI current deal numbers and comments attached to those deals, thought it might help.  Stacey 
 You suck! 
   This is the latest list I have received.  I will forward you any updates.  Stacey 
 How do we want to go about this?  Stacey 
   Let me know if anything sticks out as peculiar.  Stacey 
 Who else should I send this to?  Stacey 
 What are you talking about?  Stacey 
 We will be running a December MTD DPR tomorrow.  Before we start this process please recalc the East, West, Eastbank, & Westbank portfolios to AdHoc.  Check one more time that only terminated counterparties are in the Bank portfolios and all terminated counterparties are out of the East and West portfolios.  Before kicking off the calcs, double check the specific deals that are listed on the Physical Power Terminated spreadsheet.  I believe there were whole deals moved to the Bank portfolios by Will that should never have been moved, because they were already liquidated in November.  Also, I have attached a new copy of the physical terminations.  There is one counterparty (TXU) added to the list that we need to take care of before kicking off the calcs.  In addition to adjusting deal entry for TXU we also need to adjust scheduling.  Before recalcing the Bank portfolios, please contact Debbie Brackett or Stephanie McGinnis (4-2022) to make sure that they have extracted the data they need from the portfolios.  We should still be calcing on 'No True-up'.  Casey, I know you said this probably will still cause us trouble.  At this point, we are going for reasonableness with numbers.  All the previous top-levels in our rolls (as of the 3rd or 4th) will stay as top-levels until we know the exact amount of cash that is being attributed to power.  The remaining prior day values will be held in Schedule E for Georgeanne to move to a balance sheet account.  These top levels should match the total value of your Bankruptcy portfolios.  Where I think it will get tricky is that we are calculating as of the 18th and have transactions in the Bankruptcy portfolio that are before the 18th and therefore will fall into your liquidations.  These numbers will also have to moved to Schedule E.  When running through liquidations in the East and West portfolios, we will not be flat.  Currently, we are liquidating all non-terminated counterparties other than those specifically negotiated out of by scheduling.  (Thresa and I are working on this with Corry and Cara).  The settlements group will figure out what the counterparty agrees with through the check-out and ultimately the clean-up process.  Tomorrow should be a blast - I can't wait!!!  Stacey 
 In addition to running the East and West portfolio calculations we will also be running the bankruptcy books on a daily basis.  These should be run as 'Official AdHoc Full Book' but NOT OFFICIALIZED.  The post id numbers should be e-mailed to Debbie Brackett, Stephanie McGinnis and John Powell before you leave for the evening.  Thanks, Stacey 
 Debbie,  The bankruptcy post ids for 12-18 are 15296 and 15297.  The data should be available first thing in the morning.  Norman is running the calcs for me because I was receiving error messages.  Stacey  Norman,  If the post ids change or the data is not available by morning please reply to all to let us know the status.  Thanks, Stacey 
 Melissa,  I was told that Grant County was also terminated and is on Kim's list, but I have not seen it on our updated master power list.  Can you let me know the status of this counterparty.  Thanks, Stacey 
 We are in town so count us in.  I am TOTALLY planning on getting loaded (on munchies).  Stacey 
 I am not sure why these did not show up yesterday, maybe my query was incorrect.  However, the following spreadsheet contains terminated counterparties that still show up in the West portfolio.  Let me know that you have or have not corrected it.  Thanks, Stacey 
 Attached is a spreadsheet with marks as of 12/18/2001.  If you need anything else, please let me know.    Stacey White 713-853-1870 
 The post ids for the bankruptcy books will be:  15267 15268  They are running right now.  They take approximately 30 minutes so should be complete at 9:45.  If you are not seeing numbers, call Andrea Dahlke X5-4080.  I am running to a dentist appointment this morning, and will be back shortly.  Stacey 
 Christina,  Please add the following items to our issues list.  I have talked to Leslie about these and she will be able to talk through them on Monday.  1.  Determine whether or not we need to establish POA's for cash accounts. This is a Day 1 issue.  Please insert after the 'Set up new cash accounts and lock box'.  2.  Determine whether or not financial commodity trading, other than power and gas, will be allowed in order to ensure that all adequate curves, indexes, etc and being established in the rate system.  This is a Day 1 issue.  3.  Need to set up meeting to discuss approval processes for new curves, books, settlement indexes after Day 1.  Suggested groups to be involved: Market Risk, Credit Risk, Finance and Control, Operations.  4.  Discussion around the use of Enron's 'New Counterparty' methodology. This is a Day 1 issue.  Thanks, Stacey 
 Please split the following deals into their respective pre and post bankruptcy desks:  Counterparty Name	Trades Terminated	Early Termination Date  AES Eastern Energy LP	775220, 814567, 821656, 821666, 842776, 842777, 857752	12/11/2001   Thanks, Stacey 
 Just wanted to make sure you had the latest files of terminated counterparties. 
 Thanks for the offer, I have a Dr's appt.  Maybe later this week.  Mid C is R9, but WSCC-N is R8.  A 'B' indicates a basis curve which WSCC-N is not.  Have you talked to Bruce from Chase re: these files?  Stacey 
 What did today's look like?  Do we still have the same problems in power?  Stacey 
 When: Monday, December 17, 2001 2:30 PM-3:30 PM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada). Where: My desk  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* 
 R8  Yes, I can get BPA volumes.  What is it for?  Stacey 
 When you get a chance, give me an update on this.  Stacey 
 got it!  Hope everything is going well.  Stacey 
 The bankruptcy post ids are as follows:  East - 15221 West - 15222  Let me know what else I can do.  Stacey 
 Just curious, what was Nick doing when he visited Houston the beginning of November.  Just wondering, because I didn't know he was here.  Stacey 
 I will attend.  Also, is there someone who objects to sending invitations through the calendar tool?  It is a much more efficient method of getting meetings on the calendar.  Thanks, Stacey 
 OK - I believe that is when I was gone, now that you mention it.  Stacey 
 If you get a chance, give me a call.  Can't wait to hear all the London scoop!  I hope you are well despite this disaster.  Stacey 
 I heard you got information on Monica.  Could you forward it to me?  Thanks, Stacey 
 I'm all right.  In denial a little because I really do not want to work anywhere else, but oh well!  How are you?  Did you get a chance to talk to Monica?  I hope they are o.k.  Stacey 
 Here you go.  Sorry for the delay.  Please let me know what else I can do.  The file is subtotaled to include Peak and Off-peak together.  It includes both positions and current MTM as of last night.  Stacey White 3-1870 
 Have you turned in my expense report?  Do you need my Amex bill?  Stacey 
 Thanks.  Stacey 
 I'll let you know if I hear anything.  I have absolutely no idea at this point.  Stacey 
 I have no contractors.  Stacey 
 As of right now this is the plan for the killed transactions: Please use the attached spreadsheet that indicates the prior day changes in your rolls.  Then compare these actual changes to the projected changes in the spreadsheet below.  As of tonight, please top-level all prior day changes and we will tackle tomorrow.  Also, remember that traditionally you would have no financial prior days on the first business day, so the financial prior days showing up in your rolls are due to killed financial transactions.  These amounts should also be top-leveled.  Thanks, Stacey 
 When does she leave?  Stacey 
 Please make sure you cc: me on all requests that you send out to credit, VaR, etc for the banks.  If you are not sending something via e-mail and you are just giving information over the phone.  Please send me the information as well.  Thanks, Stacey 
 I was in a meeting last night to discuss who was critical.  I do not know if that list has been blessed.  The list we put together would definitely get us a through especially since we will not have all the old deals.  Your normal contacts should be there - Norman, Zhiyun, Min, Duong Luu, Will Smith.  Stacey 
 That is bizarre.  They may have sent everyone home and called them back.  I will investigate tomorrow.  Stacey 
 Can you give me a final list of the EnPower support that still exists so that we can have a good contact list?  Thanks, Stacey 
 Can you look in to this for me?  Stacey 
 Where is the DPOS folder?  Stacey 
 FYI on Estate EnPower support. 
 Do you think Min would be able to help?  Stacey 
 Can you unarchive m:\common\power\position\dpr\1999 and as far back as there are years in this directory.  Stacey 
 Min should be able to help you with your excel request.  Stacey 
 Have you been in contact with him?  Stacey 
 He would definitely be going to clean-up if we start the new company.  If we do not start the new company he would be the first person laid off.  What kind of contract is he under?  Stacey 
 I have no idea how the contracts are being handled.  If he is that unhappy he should talk to Billy Lemmons (the associate HR rep).  Stacey 
 Here is my request:  Can you make the system calculate a killed deal?  There were deals killed with Sempra Energy Trading on Saturday and the credit group needs to know what the value would have been had these deals been calculated against yesterday's curves.  Basically, we need to calc all Sempra deals that were killed Saturday or later as of last night.  Is this possible?  Thanks, Stacey 
 The LT-Option book should have a prior day of +226,703.43.  Please include this in the spreadsheet I sent out yesterday.  It is a Constellation deal that was not killed.'  Thanks, Stacey 
 No 
 I have Norman running a calc on the Sempra transactions.  He was able to set up a special calc to calc the killed deals.  When he is able to give you the values, will you call Dave Forster @ 3-1861 and let him know the values.  I will be in meetings from 1:30 - 4:30.  Thanks, Stacey 
 Why do you keep canceling this very important meeting?  Stacey 
 Good to hear! 
 I had received this from Chris Abel.  Maybe it will be beneficial.  Stacey 
 Please provide access to the following individuals:  swhite_pc jlewis9 cevans_pc adahlke_pc iestrada tcarter tchapman dvinson_pc  cbentley  Thanks, Stacey 
 This is the latest on our status of calculating and reporting the DPR.  Ric= k Buy, our chief risk officer, asked that we get back to normal as soon as = possible.  I am currently working on termination statuses and when deals wi= ll be killed etc.  I am also working on a way to get the PCS cleaned up.  C= ontinue to run the calc with the true-up flag off as this will cause more c= onfusion than it is worth.  Thanks, Stacey 
 No problem.  Do not worry about my previous requests.  Stacey 
 I was comparing the 'Position by Trader PRINT' tab in WestPos to the VaR report (Nov. 26 for example).  I would hope the rules for carrying over a week will still apply, but I have not heard anything concrete.  I'll see what I can find out.  Stacey 
 Those are funny.  Work is hectic, can't write much, but hope to find a time that you can come visit.  Stacey 
 thanks 
 Christina,  This is just a reminder that I will be out of the office on Monday.  If they need me to answer any questions here are the phone numbers: 281-894-0468 (home) 281-382-5215 (cell)  Stacey 
 Any specific reason we need two different portfolios?  Stacey 
 James' birthday party is that Saturday.  Before I knew that I was thinking of going home.  Stacey 
 Norman & Zhiyun,  Please see the bottom of this e-mail for the original values given to Andrea for this exercise.  At the time, we had not broken out East & West and only had a total value.  My issue is that the original values do not tie to the values were are seeing today.  Just to be sure, the calcs we are running should include all Sempra deals killed on or after Saturday, Dec. 1.  Can you please advise as to which numbers are correct.  Thanks, Stacey 
 I had forwarded your message to HR and had not heard anything.  However, I just went to yahoo and was reading an article that says the website is careerservices@enron.com but that it is not currently in operation.  Good luck, Stacey 
 The LT-SW book was not officialized last night.  I have officialized it this morning