 Mine is JWILLIA 
 This is very brief, let me know if I should add some detail.  Thanks 
  call me at work 
  Could you check this out for me, I would appreciate it. Thanks. 
  Thanks! 
 Ill trade maurice smith for Marty booker if you want to 
 done 
 that aint worth a job, thats only worth $300 
 Now I might give yu a job to see that, that would be comedy, I would have to drink 75 beers in 1 day before I did tthat 
 Pulte built ours, who and how many do you get to choose from? 
 what is that 
 yu didnt send me anything 
 ahh cant connect for some reason 
 cool 
 Happy Thanksgiving to you too.  Things at Enron don't look promising for anyone right now, but we'll see what happens.  The stock just keeps dropping and we have more debt around the corner.  Jo and I are going to mom's on Thursday, then we are going to visit her grandparents over the weekend.  We are not going to the game, but we will be watching it on TV.  It doesn't look good for A&M because we got some key guys that are injured, hopefully we can make it a close game.  Have a safe trip and say hi to mimi for me. Talk to you soon. - Jason 
 I got your message, and I'll take care of it.  Thanks for your help. 
 I have a work crawfish boil that same day I am supposed to go to and Jo is out of town that weekend.  I am gonna have to try and Finagle? my way out of this one so I can go to the Hatcher's,(itll be much more fun).  Did ya'll find a house? 
 Whatever you want us to do is fine.  we just want to hang out with you guys and enjoy some time with yall.  Cant wait, its gonna be a blast. -Your Friend Willie 
 Ill be there. Since I got left out last time. 
 It was up .13 today - you cant expect it to happen all at once. 
 I see how it is.  Now that were comin up there and its only a week away, you dont even want us staying with you now.   What a Bastard.  Up yours. Screw You!  -Dazzleman 
 thats awesome babe, congratulations, it doesnt surprise me though 
 Please disregard that first memo.  I noticed that NB Harper was a point already set up in the product manager.  If you could please approve the product and let me know when you do it I would greatly appreciate it.  Thanks for your help. 
 Melba, I need to have a new physical gas, day product set up as soon as possible.  The point will be Northern Border Pipeline at the Harper Transfer Point NBPL/Harp TP).    The point is in Keokuk county in Harper,Iowa  If you have any further questions please call me at 3-1929.  Thanks for your help. 
 Here it is : 
 I just fixed both of the tickets.  Let me know if you have any other questions. 
 Screw you and your friend SHEEDY? 
 Please go ahead and sign me up for the new garage. - Thanks 
 His new address is michael_sheedy@enron.net.  Or it may be mike_sheedy@enron.net. 
 Here is the spreadsheet, ill show you how to read it when you get a chance. 
 oh yeah, I cant wait till you have you first annual crawfish boil deck bash. 
 I hope everyone had a goodtime, the weekend just goes by to damn fast. 
 Do we have enough guys tonight to have a game? 
 No, I told Sharon Probably.  I make sure Yes's never come out of my mouth.  I might just get locked in if I do. 
 Petty damn funny -  thanks. 
 Thanks for your help on all my stuff.  Everything should be set up just like April 11.  Its in the system as Max SIQ for both companies, and the 10301 DIQ for Peoples only, No DIQ for NS.  This could change slightly in the morning, but my guess is it won't.  I already balanced out Will Co and Other City gates and took 72000 to Peoples.  Kelly needs to buy at least the short at amarillo.  Thanks 