 Tim,  I will be available all week. Thank you for the opportunity,  Bill 
 Bert, This is good to know. Thank you for the update. Well done. B 
 Group, We all knew it was coming. NERC Compliance surveys are continuining. Everything must be tagged both light load and heavy load. THIS INCLUDES SCHEDULES IN THE SOUTHWEST. Templates and POR/POD sheets are available. If you have any questions regarding our policy please let me know. Let's be especially sharp for HE 14 on the 17th.  Thanks, Bill 
 ST-WBOM is importing 20 mws for HE 2 and 3, and 10 mws for HE 4 and 5 at MEAD 230. I have made the Enpower deals (868223, 868224, 868234) to buy from PinWest and sell to the imbalance in SP-15. I have entered the schedule in CAPS and it should be good to go.  ST-WBOM also purchased 10 mws from Redding in NP-15 for HE 7-22 at $25. Chris Mallory brokered this deal.  Thanks Bill 
 Check this sick stuff out. 
 Group,  We have returned to CAPS as of today. We will return to running the Enpower to CAPS report as usual. This will give us a chance to work the performance bugs out of FSP and improve our reconciliation methodology at the same time.  Thanks, Bill 
 Symes, One more index. This is the one I would like to participate in...if it works. Bill 
 I am sorry to hear this Julie. I appreciate your effort and do not envy your task of informing the candidates of our change in plans. Let me know if there is anything I can help with.  Bill 
 YO 
 I already do. B 
 Mollie, Could you resend me the original with the attachment? Thanks, Bill 
 This should go to Bill Williams. Not Bill Williams IIII. 
  This was meant for you. 
 This is appropriate--do not make the Enpower till the next day if it will be under St-Whourly.... 
 We will not be needing any headsets in the real-time group...  Thanks for checking.  Bill 
 A truly useful fount of knowledge... 
 Keoni, I thought your email regarding the running of CONG with a heuristic rather than optimal solution may address and solve the problem. I have not yet been able to pull up "corrected" prices but hopefully they will now reflect our bids. The problems I referred to in my phone message last week were similar to what my original email detailed. Basically, we were awarded mw's on a congestion management schedule and the published prices did not match our bids. Will the change in running the "solutions" change this? Our volume management group will then be inputing our bid price rather than the published congestion management price--as those prices are not yet published correctly.  I will be in the office this week and can be reached at your convenience.  Thanks, Bill 
 Murray,  Thank you for your interest in our group. I will certainly keep you informed of our next available opening. We will likely have some openings in February (it always seems to happen around that time). As you might assume, we are interested in hiring the best person for the job, if you were that person, then we would do our best to facilitate your move.  Again, thank you for your interest, and if you have further questions just give me a call.  Bill 
 Traders are as follows:  Bill Williams III Ryan Slinger Kate Symes  Bert Meyers Leaf Harasin Geir Solberg Mark Guzman Eric Linder Steve Merriss Craig Dean Casey Anderson Darrin Presto Mike Meier  Thanks for making sure this is squared away, Bill 
 Chris, I have some information regarding our payment to MPC that you and I discussed yesterday. Apparently we cut them a check for $19,937.35 (or thereabouts). The check no. is 9600043219. The check was cut on 01/15/02. MPC does not know why they received this payment. Rich Bruegger is my contact at MPC. Please let me know what I can do to help.  Thanks, Bill 
 Diana, Here is the message that Kate sent to Diane, and the original messages from Diane are below that. I think we will have this sorted out going forward. Let me know if you have any questions. Thanks, Bill 
 Is the bet that I will reject the idea? 
 Matt, Check this out, we got this from our managing director this morning...So is the Fremont bridge a target...how bout the I-5? Might want to pass this on to your mom and dad. By the way--your a wuss for skipping the high school playoff game...    This just came to me today.  This information is widely available to corporations and law enforcement around the country.  It will likely hit the media in the next day or so.  This is all the information that is available.  Enron Corp. Business Controls/Corporate Security received the following information via the National Threat Warning system.  While we do not wish to unduly alarm employees, the specificity of the information dictated immediate dissemination to our West Coast offices.  THE FBI IS IN POSSESSION OF UNCORROBORATED INFORMATION INDICATING THE POSSIBILITY OF ADDITIONAL TERRORIST ATTACKS AGAINST THE UNITED STATES, SPECIFICALLY THE WEST COAST.  REPORTEDLY, UNSPECIFIED GROUPS ARE TARGETING SUSPENSION BRIDGES ON THE WEST COAST.  SIX INCIDENTS ARE TO TAKE PLACE DURING RUSH HOUR BEGINNING FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 2 AND CONTINUING THROUGH NOVEMBER 7, 2001.  NO FURTHER INFORMATION ABOUT THIS ALLEGED ATTACK IS KNOWN AT THIS TIME. THE FBI IS ATTEMPTING TO VERIFY THE VALIDITY OF THIS REPORT.  RECIPIENTS WILL BE UPDATED AS EVENTS WARRANT.  RECIPIENTS WHO RECEIVE OR DEVELOP INFORMATION RELATED TO THIS MATTER SHOULD IMMEDIATELY CONTACT THEIR LOCAL FBI OFFICE.  We will keep you apprised if we receive any further information.  Thank you. 
 Group,.  I will be out of the office on Friday November 2nd, I will return on Monday November 5th. If you have questions, please call me on my phone at 503-887-3449.  Thanks, Bill 
 Group--  NO TRADES WITH SEMPRA UNTIL FURTHER.  Do not sell to them, do not buy from them. They are in a box.  You may want to let the muni's and other counterparties know. Call me with questions.  Thanks, Bill 
 Guys,  When you see Four Corners #5 come back tonight. Please use the fundies webs= ite to send out a message confirming it to Traders and RT. Also, you should= give BPA and CERS a call tonight to see if they are selling off cheap powe= r. Also, we are long 50mws flat at PV (see Kate's email)...The prices are $= 27 and $37. Feel free to sell off up to HE 17 at around 39...if you can get= 43 bal peak--go for it!!! We sold 50's across the peak at PV tonight. This= was a result of the Four Corners 5 derate so prices may fall hard tomorrow= . Please try to find some information on the status of SouthPoint and the D= esert Basin unit tonight as well (this used to be Reliant's plant --rumor h= as it this is now SRP's starting tomorrow). As a bonus, CalPine scheduled o= ff of SouthPoint for tomorrow while the plant was still down for maitenence= ...If you get cut--sell them the off peak at PV for $75...MAKE THEM WEAR IT= ! As an added bonus don't forget LADWP and CORAL cut us off for "credit rea= sons"...please treat them as you would any other non-performing counterpart= y...   Finally, Services has a new deal with a cement company in NP-15. We will li= quidate the energy for the Services Desk RT at NP-15 +/- $2. We need to mak= e a buy/sell from imbalance under Services at $0 price. We then make a buy/= sell from Services under St-Whourly at NP-15 +/- $2. Finally we buy/sell fr= om/to Counterparty X under the St-Whourly book. Then we need to give Servic= es the swap deal # and the price. The mw values should be on Kysa's sheet. = If this procedure works...please send out an email detailing the procedure = with whatever comments are necessary when this goes physical.  Have fun and good luck. Thanks, Bill 
 Chip, Could you help me put Enpower on my local computer? And my monitor keeps sleeping on the job. Thanks, Bill 
 This is at the top right after you turning the volume on your computer down. Also... Right after the boxes, but parallel to FSP parallel testing. Thanks, Bill 
 Pretty much, its turning into the only day they have available for what we need...short of Thanksgiving weekend or late December...which is getting a bit close to the Holidays...  What do you think? Is it a good way to end the month? 
 Please be sure to send me an email regarding changes, and write them on the schedule. B 
 Cara, Sounds good but...we had to change the night to November 30th...I'm sorry. Hopefully it still works for you guys. Did you want to get rooms as well. If so just speak with Jill Chatterton. More to follow.  B 
 Darin, I need you to send emails regarding our disputes to myself and Kate Symes. Please do NOT send emails regarding our disputes to our customers--El Paso or others. Also, my email is bill.williams.iii@enron.com. I appreciate the email, but I had to receive it from our customer. Let's set up a time to meet and run through some things on Sunday or Monday morning. Give me a call on my cell phone on Saturday when you have a chance.  Thanks, Bill 
 Kysa, This is totally inappropriate and HIGHLY unprofessional. In these difficult times we need to continue to put forth and display Enron's core values: Respect, Integrity, Communication and Excellence. I look for this in each one of my coworkers and for every member of the real-time team. Please see what you can do to better respect Kate's feelings and the effort she puts in each day. 
 Thanks, And sorry again about the stairwell--did you actually get stuck in there? 
 Super. And sorry about getting you locked in the stairwell. I just 
 Just need to know why there will be a BOM charge of $5331.90? My impression is that this was totally trued up... Is this some weird tranny charge? Ideas... As always, if you could go through these charges that would be great, and I like the idea of showing the $96,065.15 this month. Thanks, Bill 
 Josie, Sign me up. Thanks, Bill 
 Group, A quick reminder. All El Paso Electric Deals and related deals for El Paso Electric (ie buying from SRP selling to EPE--anything with a group of EPEC in Enpower) need to be in MST. These deals should be scheduled in MST on the deal scheduling portion of Enpower as well.  Thanks, Bill 
 Group- Brace yourselves... Once more we are experiencing seasonal changes. The time zone change has pu= shed the evening peak back to HE 18 through HE 19. These hours are now prem= ium, the load curve no longer resembles a rolling hill but has an extreme m= orning ramp and an extreme evening ramp. Both EPE and the CAISO in NP-15 wi= ll have difficulty with this evening ramp. Do not count on the EPE load for= ecast to accurately identify the evening ramp. We should not suck off the g= rid. Pay the extra $3 for firm or unit contingent power in the SW. We need = to attack the evening peak early and make sure we cover it. We should be us= ing congestion wheels as hedges. A 200 mw import requires a 200 mw wheel go= ing in the opposite direction at $0.10--or less--we should not do 50 mws at= $50 as we would still have to pay $50 on the other 150 mws if we get award= ed all 50 mws of relief. We will discuss this in our meeting next Tuesday N= ovember 6th at 4:30. Let's be sharp and not give away hard-earned revenue o= n congestion mis-management or poor scheduling.=20  Any questions? Comments? Ideas? Bring them to the meeting on next Tuesday.  Thanks,  Bill 
 Ken,  Thank you for your inquiry. I will do my best to answer your questions, but would prefer to answer your questions by phone. I feel that this will provide each of us with greater flexibility and likely will give me even more of an opportunity to answer your questions. I will usually be most available after 3 each day. You can reach me at 503-464-3730.  Thanks, Bill 
 Geir, I need to get a working cell phone number for you. I tried to reach you at home today regarding the postponement of our meeting. Please give me a call or send me an email with your contact info. Thanks, Bill 
 Matt, I like the Mcleod Resume the best. I have added some suggestions and provided a bit of feedback. Why don't you do another write-up and I'll go over it again. It looks like you have a good start. I will also proofread your cover letter or give you some ideas if you need them. Good luck.  Bill 
  Kochel is supposed to get married on March 2nd. Same girl--we'll see if its= the same outcome. B 
 Matt, I will work on these this afternoon and give you some ideas... BTW-I heard from Kochel this morning, he is getting married March 2nd in Seattle--did you know his sister was already married to Steve Darue? (poor woman!). The Kelso/Camas game is on Thursday--maybe I will take Friday off...what do you think? Check your hotmail around 3. B 
 Kate, Bobette from Powerdex will want to speak to you regarding timelines, templates, etc. to set up an hourly index to be published the next day. I gave her your name because of your past experience in deal control. She will likely be calling around 9:30 or 9:45. I am not sure where I am at on this index, your feedback will play a large role in whether we participate in this index. Sorry for the short notice.  Bill 
 Just talked with Kochel. He was expecting a bounce in our stock on funds co= vering their shorts. I don't know if I agree after this.  Bill 
 You can go ahead and talk to Fran...Also, how was you vaca? And I have some things for you to take care of from Thursday and this weekend when you have a chance. Thanks,  B 
 Group, As most of you are aware we changed time zones on Sunday. We are back in Pacific Standard Time. As such, we are once again in a different time zone than some of our counterparties. Please specify Pacific time zone in your summary of your deal at the end of each phone call--translate the deal to Mountain time only if necessary. We must be very clear on this going forward or disputes will be numerous and we will not be able to resolve them. See me if you have any questions regarding this expectation. Thanks,  Bill 
 I still need to interview Stacy but will have feedback when I finish.  Thanks, Bill 
 Group, We are still short 50 mws in ST-WBOM on peak Friday and Saturday at $27.60.  For Friday only (as of right now) I have picked up 10 mws of energy flat (24hr schedule). I bought this energy from the APX-deal #840719 at $25. We will be long 10 mws each hour in position manager in SP-15 as a result. Please sell this energy in the off-peak (on-peak will go to fill our W-BOM short). I have scheduled an HA 24 purchase from the APX 1 and have put the energy into the ST-WBOM load zone.  Do call with questions. Cell: 503-887-3449 Home: 503-274-0502  Thanks, Bill 
 Alan,  I have a few questions regarding the emminent implementation of the new target pricing mechanism. 1. Does uninstructed energy still get paid (if not, we cannot hedge financials) 2. The CISO Table 1. lists an unintended consequence as " Target price may be manipulated due to no obligation to deliver" Why is there no obligation to deliver? 3. Is there still a load deviation penalty? Or would that be considered seperately?  Thanks for the help.  Bill 
 Mike, Your cell phone is not working or has been disconnected and I have no way to reach you. Please update me with your contact information as soon as possible. Thanks,  Bill 
 Take these days off too. 
 kate, If you need tomorrow and Friday off, take it. 
 Kate, It is the end of the month and just like everyone else in your group you are needed to be at work at certain times. Granted, renewed motivation can be a great thing to help you attack various job functions with vigor, and I am a big believer in it. We have in the past discussed that I would prefer  that you take personal days/vacation days in the middle of the month and at the end of the week. If you would like to plan a longer vacation in advance, again like everyone else in your group, please just let me know. I appreciate your understanding.  Bill 
 Definitely...to begin with he should be Michael Mier. Let me know what you need...  Bill 
 When will you be starting your subscription to "Bear Magazine"? 
 Julie, I received this message yesterday from a student group at the University of Washington. Do you still want some to go to Seattle and stir up interest?  Bill 
 Cool 
 Group,  The Enron Derivatives II will be on Wednesday and Thursday, November 14th and 15th. The class is open to those who took Derivatives I earlier this year. Please see me or send me an email if you are interested and we will make scheduling arrangements.  Thanks,  Bill 
 We also received congestion for HE 5--50 mws at $74.83. HE 5 is not in the inc sheet but will be. The CISO is again having difficulties reading our bids. They have been working on this for a week. Thanks, Bill 
 Group, The meeting this afternoon will be delayed until next week. I am waiting for more information on UBS. So, next Thursday at 4 PM we will have our meeting with the pizza. Thanks, Bill 
 Group,  Also on Saturday morning...Enpower will be down from 5 AM to 7 AM.  Thanks, Bill 
 Group,  For those on night and day shift on Saturday/Sunday the emergency back-up generators will be tested. The testing will occur from 5 AM to 10 AM on Sunday morning. Dave Steiner has assured me that RT will be unaffected and Dave will be on hand to help if anything is needed. I think we should work to have everything submitted early to the CISO, tags made, etc. At least for HE 6, HE 7 and HE 8. This should give us some extra time if something goes wrong when they switch to the back-up power.  Bill 
 What are Tracy's thoughts on this? 
 Kathy, I will be available on Tuesday but it would have to be either earlier or later on in the day.  I could meet with Britt at 3PM or at 9 AM. Any idea what this is regarding? Thanks, Bill 
 Kysers,  St-WBOM is long again for HE 2 through HE 5 at PV from PNM at a price of $15.50. We will be 20 mws long each hour for a day total of 80. Same deal # as yesterday--#826094. If you could adjust your sheets for tomorrow I would appreciate it.  Remember, we are also short 50 mws for Monday in SP-15 at $27.60  Sweet. 
 Group, Here is some input from Tony at EPE regarding running their system. I think the EPE system was run very well on October 18th, but aside from that, this email shows how closely they are watching our performance and what they expect. Let's do our best to continue to provide them with good service.  Thanks, Bill 
  Group,  Our deal with EES has changed. As Ryan indicated in his email we are now charging $3 for EES up to 100 mws, above 100 mws to  200 mws we are charging $4, above 200 mws per hour we are charging $5.  However, when we have transacted with EES for a peaker product or day-ahead schedule we will not integrate our fee into their price for that quanity of mws. I will indicate in an email to you when this occurs. This is a bit complex but if you have questions just let me know.  Also, EnMax has recently been buying energy from us at the BC Border. This turned out to be a "Canadian" firm purchase on the part of Enmax. Please do not fill any sale to EnMax with MPC energy. We need to treat EnMax just like ECC. We should buy an option or a call and then exercise that option. MPC does not have this capability and should not be used in this manner.  Finally, the NW evening peak has arrived. The NW has been extremely tight through morning and evening peaks, often over $30 to pick up...  Any questions, just let me know.  Thanks, Bill 
  Tim,  Probably 3 to 5 months ago David Poston demonstrated a new position manager= to work with both FSP and Enpower. David Poston showed the position manage= r to me, Cara Semperger, and Phil Platter. Dave suggested that the new posi= tion manager would replace the current stand-alone position managers in CAP= S and Enpower. When Dave and I ran through the demonstration, I was told th= at the East desk had driven most of the development work to date. The funct= ionality of the position manager in the stage Dave presented to me seemed u= seful, with little development needed for us to implement it. The position = manager looked like it would offer several improvements over Real-Time's cu= rrent position and report reconciliation methods. My impression of the appl= ication was that it would be a portion of FSP when implemented and was not = a stand alone application. Within a week after demostrating the new positio= n manager, Dave relayed to me that production of the position manager would= be delayed until after FSP was in production. As a result of the FSP delay= , I have heard nothing of the position manager and have had no input on it = since that first meeting. I think this application (as I saw it last) has t= he potential to improve our reports and reduce our time spent running them.= This application should be of benefit to preschedulers, risk and deal cont= rol. Now that the position manager is back on the table, I would like the r= eal-time group to be involved in the implementation of this portion of FSP = and work to improve its ability to act as a report reconciliation tool.  If you have any questions please let me know.  Thanks, Bill 
 Kysers and Mary-  ST-WBOM is long at PV parking with PNM for HE 2 through HE 5, 20 mws each hour--for Friday and Saturday. The price of the power after the parking fee is $15.50. The deal number is 826094. This deal is just hanging out there under W-BOM and should make us 80 mws long at PV on Friday and Saturday.  Also--we are still short the two BOM pieces in SP-15 for a total of 50 mws each hour on peak-Friday and Saturday- average price of $27.60. You would have the deal numbers on this one.  Sweet. 
 Keoni, I am not concerned with the improperly posted ATC's. I am concerned that our bids to relieve congestion were awarded but that the respective dollar value for those bids was incorrect. We have had problems in the past with misentry of our congestion management bids. However, in this case, the awarded congestion management bids look correct to me, and it appears that the CAISO published price is not appropriate for the amount of mws flowed. I would like to figure this out as soon as possible so that we can fix any problems that might exist on our end.  Please give me a call when you have a chance.  Thanks, Bill 
 Thank you Les. Bill 
 Group,  David Porter will be moving to the Utility Risk Management group with Enron Energy Services beginning Tuesday October 23. Please join me in thanking David for his effort in the real-time group over the past year (especially the 24-hour long shift), and wishing him good luck in his new position.  Stay tuned for a "going away" party for Dave in the near future.  Bill 
 Kate, We are short 3 pieces tomorrow at $27.20, $28.00, and a piece at the ST-CALI index.  We are also long HE2 through HE5 at PV, 20 mws parked with PNM at $16. Deal #'s are-823620, 823657--we will be out in position manager for these hours...BW 
 Group,  Going forward we will be delivering parking or taking lending energy at one point per schedule with Portland General. We will either deliver or take energy from them at Portland General System. OR we will deliver or take energy from them at Mid-C.  PGE real-time has had difficulty with scheduling the energy in real-time to or from a point other than originally prescheduled. Therefore ONLY schedule the energy to or from the originally prescheduled delivery point. In the case below we would deliver the energy to Portland General System--NOT the MID-C.  We should continue to be flexible at PGE's request. Please see me with any questions.  Thanks, Bill 
 Paul, Here is an updated version of the agreement I sent to Steve on Friday. Sorry I didn't cc you to start with. It's pretty much exactly as we discussed. Let me know if you have any questions. Thanks, Bill 
 Group,  We are starting to see some market changes as we transition into the winter= months.  First: With EPE we will start seeing a severe morning ramp. We will have to carefu= lly manage the units to prevent "swinging" them and increasing the chance o= f a unit outage. As the EPE loads plummet off-peak, we should consult the u= nit commitment, and depending on market conditions look to take units off-l= ine and/ or put units on manual and buy energy back. Recently we have sold = energy from EPE at a loss rather than putting costly gas turbines on manual= (Newman 1, 2 and 3), reducing them, and buying that energy less expensivel= y in the market. Our relationship with EPE is at a critical stage, they hav= e a new vice-president and will be hiring new management to lead their mark= eting group. We would like to be a part of EPE's marketing effort going for= ward, but need to continue to prove that our level of service cannot be mat= ched either in-house or by other marketers. I look to each member of the gr= oup to be a part of this effort and to work closely to run the EPE grid as = efficiently as possible.  Second: The morning ramp will soon be upon us in the Northwest. It will become very= difficult to get energy in the Nortwest for HE 6 through HE 10. We should = look for congestion possibly on the COI and the DC. Also, as lights and hea= ters come on in the evening, there should be another jump in load at HE 18 = through HE 20. Enron Calgary will also be looking for energy these hours. B= e sure to take this load movement into consideration if you lock a price in= with ECC.  Finally: We will have a meeting on TUESDAY--November 6th at 4:30 in the afternoon--(= the first Tuesday as usual) to discuss market changes, peformance reviews a= nd the final two months of the year.  Please see me with any questions regarding the system.  Thank you.  Bill 
 Kate, We are short 2 pieces of BOM at SP-15 7-22. Price of $27.20 and $28.00. We are also short 1 daily piece in SP-15 at the ST-CALI index price.  Thanks, Bill 
 My apologies for the public humiliation.  Bill 
 What is this ZP-15? 
 Steve,  Good afternoon, I have attached a draft of the Control Area Services Agreement to this email. Please take a look at it when you have a moment and let me know what you think about it. I understand we may not implement it for a while. However, I thought having an agreement in place might provide us with more flexibility and the ability to take advantage of opportunities as this month winds down. I appreciate your time and feedback.  Thank you,  Bill 
 Group- WWP is good to buy and sell with us again. Have fun.  Bill 
 Yo!!! It's cold, its wet, its raining. But at least in Portland we have F-15 fighter jets being scrambled over the city. Gotta love it. what's the word. Drop me a line on the cellular--(503) 887-3449. B 
 Sean, Bobette from "Powerdex" wants to create an hourly index out west. Do you want to take a look at this and her template and give me your feedback. Would participation in this index accomplish anything for us?  Let me know,  Bill 
 John,  Goodness! Great questions!..I could answer some in 5 minutes but others would be a 2 hour discourse. First, I did get both your resume and letter and have taken it to our Human Resources department. I currently have 11 people on rotation(shift work), and 10 is the appropriate number for me to have on shift. One of my employees is interviewing for another opening on the floor on Friday and two others are looking to move. Julie Kearney (in our human resources department) will be gone today through Wednesday of next week. So by Thursday of next week we should be able to set up an interview schedule and go from there.  I have answered a few of your questions in your email below. We can go over the others when we speak next. Thanks for the good questions.  Bill 
  Keoni,  Here are the details on our sale to CERS for HE 14 at Palo Verde devers.  I spoke with Linus at CERS at approximately 11:50--At that time I sold him 90 mws at $29 delivered at PV for HE 14, I told him the energy was coming from the CAISO.  I then called Mike at SRP marketing after speaking with Linus. For HE 13 I had sold Mike 75 mws. I told him the schedule would be going to a zero for HE 14.  I called the CAISO to notify them my export EPMI_CISO_SALSA would be going to CERS at PV devers and not SRP.  I began speaking with Bhavin at the Palo Verde desk at 12:20 regarding scheduling of the energy to CERS at PV devers.  I told Bhavin the export -EPMI_CISO_SALSA- would be going to CERS and that it was effectively a net schedule(90 mws out at PV devers/90 mws in at PV devers).Bhavin asked that I call a counterparty with a control area interest at PV and show the schedule going to and coming from a control area.  I acknowledged this request and called El Paso Electric to attempt to show the schedule to them and from them. I was not comfortable with this step as I viewed it as unnecessary and told EPE I would call them back. I then called SRP transmission to discuss the schedule with them. At approximately 12:40 I discussed the 90 mw net schedule with SRP transmission. SRP control said a net schedule would show as zero.  I then spoke with EPE and told them to forget the schedule.  I called Bhavin back and told him SRP was aware of the schedule. Bhavin told me that he would make a note of the schedule and show it as net scheduled.  At 13:02 Bhavin called me back and told me he was not checking out with SRP at PV devers. I called SRP transmission and went over the schedule one more time. SRP transmission still showed the 75 mw schedule from HE 13. I told SRP transmission that the 75 mw schedule was no longer flowing to him. He told me he would call his marketer.  While transacting for HE 15, I again spoke with Mike at SRP marketing and Mike told me he had missed telling his transmission to pull out the 75 mw schedule.  I believe the original problem was the net scheduling and that it was compounded by miscommunication on SRP's end. It should be noted that Bhavin was polite and professional throughout my conversations with him.   I think the ability to net schedule at tie points is important.  My feeling is that the CAISO schedulers should have the same scheduling capabilities at the tie points as those schedulers outside the CAISO. Please let me know what you find out regarding this practice. If you have any questions for me please let me know.  Thank you for your help.  Bill 
 Thank you for the email.  Bill 
 Sandra, Please update your email list to read Bill Williams and not Bill Williams III. Thank you, BW 
 Steph, Great to hear from you. I got a call from Scotty this weekend but have not had a chance to give him a call back yet. Enron selling PGE has had no real effect on me. It should be good for our stock price though. One can hope anyway. Glad to hear you guys are doing well. Let me know when you guys are coming down...you can definitely stay at my place--its not big but I will have a futon for a bit longer. You may prefer the Paramount hotel--its right next door. And my liver will likely always be in shape.  Take care.  B 
  The CBR 945 RR is a bit sweeter, cheaper, better looking and has Honda reliability... Oooohhh. Nice.  Bill 
   Actually, I think the Honda is probably the one.  Much cooler...and good Honda reliability.  Looks good in Silver or Red.  Bill 
 No problem. 
 Catherine, I believe this was meant for Bill Williams in Technical Assets. Please note the difference in email addresses. Thanks, Bill 
 Group, We will have a meeting on Thursday of next week at 4 PM (Pizza will be provided--finally) on JAN 24th. I hope our transition to UBS from Enron will be complete by next Wednesday. If so, we will be discussing what we hope to achieve this year and the look of the floor going forward. If not, this meeting will likely be postponed. Please call me with any questions.  Thanks, Bill 
 John, Thank you for the letter and for the resume. I will be putting them in front of Julie Kearney in our HR department and will be getting the process started. I am still waiting to see exactly what the needs for my group will be, but should have a better idea in a few days. I will be in touch.  Bill 
 Thanks Kysa. Nice work.  B 
 Darren, Could you meet with me regarding congestion revenue for 10/05? We had two wheels that were not in the inc sheet but were awarded by the CAISO and are in finals in CAPS. The wheels were EPMI_CISO_GREEN for HE 17 and HE 18. We were awarded 38.96 mws for HE 17 and 31.92 mws for HE 18. Both wheels were awarded at $54.90. We should receive revenue of $3891.31 from these wheels. Please give me a shout with questions. Thanks,  Bill 
 Chip have you had a chance to work with Greg Ford on ADS? Any ideas on the new ADS phase II?  Thanks, Bill 
 Thank you Kate, Nice work. Bill 
 I will be out of the office visiting El Paso Electric and PNM through Friday evening. Please see Ryan with any questions regarding trading. I can be reached on my cell phone at 503-887-3449. Thanks,  Bill 
 What? Is receiving an email at 1:30 too late? Just because everything is done by 10...At least NW is on the right side of the market...oh wait...their not...doh! And looks like today was a bad day to go short...but who's counting? 
 Todd, From an information standpoint this looks good. I would recommend using an appendix for the WSCC members, the FERC ruling, the NERC glossary and any other lengthy terms or charts. You might look to organize the paper from a broad overview of the electrical market in the west (including basic descriptions, timelines, fundamentals, etc.) down to a specific description of what you did at Enron. The content of the paper looks good and I am comfortable with you submitting what you have. If you need any thing else regarding your paper just let me know.  Thanks, Bill 
 Amy,  I am interested in either position...as I imagine each person in the real-time group will be. Let me know if I can be of help with anything.  Thanks, Bill 
 Grace, Could you sign me up for the bus pass. I am selling my car and no longer need the parking. Thanks, Bill 
 That's right, I forgot about QOTSA.  Did you enjoy that CD? Your dad is coming in today to see the trading floor and then we are going to grab some lunch and talk about what we do here at the big E. I fly out at 4 on Friday afternoon...  I guess Nikki is coming to Portland at the end of October...oh-oh.  b 
 B- I will only be in Albuquerque for like 4 hours Monday morning...so it doesn't look like I will have to much of a chance to meet up with you. Maybe an early afternoon brew... Emily Willis--huh--didn't you and her...oh yeah...I remember the flat tire. 
 Bert, I put all the names in a hat...and you are the man...please revise the schedule and redistribute it with yourself attending the trip... Enjoy! 
 Group, Effective October 1st...BPA transmission will be the following prices...  BPA non-firm point to point (or network) will be $2.92 with 1.9% losses  BPA non-firm on the intertie will be $3.34 with 3% losses  Losses could be expected to add up to $5 of the total price--do not put losses into the purchase from BPA Transmission in Enpower--losses for BPA will be settled at the end of the month in a single annuity.  Total price for MPC to CAISO at MALIN on BPA non-firm all the way will be $6.26 Total price for MPC to CAISO at NOB on BPA NON-FIRM all the way will be $6.26--Remember to check tranny sheet for PGE-tranny availability--WE HAVE NO MORE LT FIRM FROM BIG EDDY TO NOB--  SNOPud is charging $3.25 for point to point plus 1.9% losses.  Bill 
 Paul could likely do this, it does require a ton of hard work and is a difficult job. B 
 ALLEGHENY ENERGY SUPPLY Scheduling Coordinator ID--   *****New ID is APX5****** 
 New login for www.friedwire.com is:  login: enron04 password: enron 
  I will be out of the office from Wednesday through Friday. Please refer trading questions to Ryan Slinger or call me on my cell phone...503-887-3449.  Thanks, Bill 
 The Short Term West Hourly presentation is now in the  O drive. Thanks for the email... 
 Jeff, I will be glad to discuss this with you in the future. However, I am on my way out the door to Pullman, WA for a recruiting trip. I will be back late on Friday afternoon or we can talk on Monday. Give me a call on my cell and let me know what you would like to do.  Bill 
 Bob,  We would have the following hourly physical products out until 6 PM CST (4 PST) on Friday--HE 17 through HE 20 Palo Verde; HE 17 through HE 20 MID-C; HE 19 through HE 20 SP15; HE 19 through HE 20 NP15. We can then suspend or inactivate these products at 6 PM. All other physical products will have already been suspended or inactivated before 6 PM CST (HE 12 through HE 17 etc.).  If you have any questions, please let me know. Thank you for the help.  Bill 
 I don't know... 
 Michael, I think you intended to send this to Bill Williams in Technical Assets. Please note the difference in addresses and make the change. Thanks,  Bill 
 Chip, Could you send me a list of Turret ID's for the guys in the real-time group. I would like to lead a push to have everyone in the group update their turret and customize it for their own use. Thanks, Bill 
   http://fourcorners.pwenergy.com/plantinfo/description/default.asp 
 Yes...that is correct. 
 NO!!!! You must live with gross tooth decay and bleeding gums. Yellow teeth and excessive plaque build-up are expected in Real-Time... 
 Bert, I would like some of these folks to attend the Energy Math class on the 8th of November. Please schedule 4 or 5 of them to go if possible. Thanks, Bill 
 This all looks good.  The real time phone number is 1-800-684-1336...  Thanks for the hard work.  Bill 
 Geir, You should be receiving an email regarding access to EOL. If you have any questions about getting set up just let me know. Bill 
 Group, Here is some more inforation regarding taking care of Canada this weekend. Bill 
 Yes...sorry about implying that you did not have approval... 
 Paul, Thanks for the invitation but I will not be able to attend on Friday.  Bill 
 Darren, Just let me know when you have time and we will set it up. B 
 This is relatively irrelavent but thought you might enjoy it...of course...it is made up...just like everything else forwarded on the internet none of these people actually exist... 
 Of course you were. Don't feel bad though, we all get confused at times. Some of us just more than others. 
 HUBRIS: ex. 1.)--see Portland City Council-- 2.) Reed College 
  LIBERALISM: The art of feeling superior to suburban drones and blue-collar workers through purported logic and philosophical jargon. 
 Group, We will be covering for Enron Canada Corp as stated below. All submissions will have to be faxed to the Power Pool as we do not have a working digital certificate. Call me with any questions. Thanks, Bill 
 Here is the original email from Keoni, and the follow-up from Chris Foster. Just give me a call with any questions.  Thanks,  Bill 
 Group, When tiering adjustment bids, the CAISO system will not read more than 10 bids. Also, remember to have the tier monotically increasing. Thanks, Bill 
 What do you guys think? 
 Group, There is a new schedule out for October. Please take a look at it. If you need to switch days, feel free. Please send Bert and I an email notifying us of the changes and be sure to write your changes on the schedule. Schedule changes need to be communicated for obvious reasons.  Thanks, Bill 
 And here is the attachment  Bill 
 Group,  Please take a look at the following attachment. It details how we will be entering our Enpower and CAPS 99% of the time. If you have any questions, just let me know.  Thanks,  Bill 
 ate, You should recieve an email from Sean Crandall detailing a short position for tomorrow (Saturday) and for Monday. Please give this information to the group including Enpower information...etc.  Call me if you have any questions. Thanks, Bill 
 Cindy,  Please...remove me from your list. I am not involved with security, in Houston or otherwise, and can not help you obtain a security badge.  Bill 
 Dave,  I have attached a revised budget forecast for 2002. The 2002 headcount  (column D) is now correct at the top of the budget. I do not have a number from David Steiner yet regarding technology costs (row 107) but I am expecting it soon. Everything else is pretty much as you and I discussed earlier today. Please call me with any questions. Thank you for the help.  Bill 
 Cindy,  Please remove my name from whatever list you might have. I work in Portland and am not involved with security clearance or security access.  Thanks, Bill 
 Group, Please remember to put the Tag # in the inc sheet. Every schedule should now be tagged if it is outside of the CAISO. Please get the tag # from our counterparties to put in the inc sheet. This should greatly improve our settlements process and minimize disputes. Include a comment in the Tag # section if there is no tag.  Thanks, Bill 
 Jill, Ryan Slinger previously had a plan set up. It looks like our AT&T rep switched him back to the group calling plan. Please check with Ryan and he will let you know what he needs. Thanks, Bill 
 Jill, I was being sarcastic about the $16000. Could you send an email to each group member giving them their average usage since you started or the last 3 months (AT&T should have this info). If you could send me an email breaking out the costs that would be great as well. I am not that concerned with the new phones--but would like to know what was spent. I appreciate the help.  Thanks, Bill 
 Absolutely, Please send an email to the group explaining to them that they will be billed if they go over $55 a month. Let them know they can set up a different plan if they need (I would prefer they stick with the group calling plan and add minutes...but the choice is theirs).  Let's put this in effect by October. I am seeing $20000 ytd as of June in cell phone charges (and $55 x 13 group members x 6 months should equal $4290--have we really spent $16000 on new phones? Thanks, Bill 
 Jill, Could you also cancel my monthly PalmNet service. Thanks, Bill 
 Jill,  I need information regarding our monthly cell phone costs. I would like to cap per employee costs at $50 per month on the group calling plan. Effective in October, I would like employees billed for any amount they have over $50 per month on their cell phone. If an employee needs more minutes I would like to structure a plan to allow them to purchase more minutes through us--with them paying the extra per month.  Thanks, Bill 
 The BMW is of course a 1992! Priced at only $9900!!! How could you not buy it. 
 Group,  We have developed a process for tiering our bids and should do so going forward.  Please use appropriate dollar and mw values. Below is JUST an example. When tiering, the top numbers (mw values) must be monotonically increasing and the last two numbers on the bottom of your tier ($ values) must be the same.   IMPORT:	0	25	50	75	100	125	150	200	200.01 $49	$49	$74	99	149	174	199	249	249   EXPORT:	0	25	50	75	100	125	150	200	200.01 $0.1	$0.1	$0.1	$0.1	$0.1	$0.1	$0.1	$0.1	$0.1   *NOTE* If a tiered bid is entered incorrectly you will have to flow a large amount of mws for loss or no gain.*NOTE*  Please see me with any questions before implementing tiered bids.  Thanks, Bill 
 Stewart, Just a quick heads up. SMUD used enron online today and sold ust a total of 125 mws. Thanks for the good work!  Bill 
 Darin,  I liked the services portion of the night discussion note that you wrote on the 13th, but you need more information on sales on behalf of EPE for both HE 6 and HE 7...you need to explain any sales to marketers or utilities. I also need you to only sell to a marketer as last resort. A marketer is usually just flipping EPE's energy and is taking your spread.  If you have any questions, just let me know. Otherwise keep up the good work!  Thanks, Bill 
 David, I have made some revisions to the budget after spending some time with Amy Fitzpatrick in our HR department. Obviously this is a loose plan (the headcount for the RT group changes frequently)...but it should prove a bit more accurate than nothing. If you have any questions please just let me know. You can call me here at work at 503-464-3730 or on my cell phone at 503-887-3449. Thanks,  Bill 
 Group, A quick reminder. The night shift will average the sales price and make one strip for the on-peak piece.(so ST-WBOM will sell to ST-Whourly at x$ for HE7-22 then ST-Whourly does whatever it needs to do). If you have questions just let me know. Thanks, Bill 
 Sophie, I think you have the wrong Bill Williams as I do not work in Houston or know Erin Copeland. Please remove me from your distribution list.  Thanks, Bill 
 You may want to take a look at this. B 
 Amy, Could you please sign up Bert Meyers, Mark Guzman, and Kate Symes for the pilot program. Thanks, Bill 
 Dave, Any word from PGE regarding a phone for Kate? Anything I can do to help? Just let me know. Thanks, Bill 
 Holly, I think you have the wrong Bill Williams. I am in Portland and am not involved with card access. Thanks, Bill 
 Group, I can now be reached with email outside of work at wwilliamsiii@palm.net This should work even if my cell does not.   [mailto:wwilliamsiii@palm.net]   BW 
 Stewart, I will be in El Paso visting EPE on the 20th. But I am very interested in discussing such an opportunity with NW service customers. Do they HAVE to come on the morning of the 20th or 21st? Could they come the morning of the 19th? Let's get together and talk regardless.  Nice job on NCPA, I appreciate the hard work. Thanks, Bill 
 Group,  A quick reminder. After reviewing this weekend, we must begin adjust bidding for congestion at ALL tie points. We should be running wheels N-S and S-N across Path 15, the COI and NOB. We have lost significant revenue by failing to adjust bid our transactions. It is still fire season, and unit outages are resulting in unscheduled flow problems that are forcing congestion at different tie points and in different directions. Please check available ATC's on the CAISO site, and spend the time to manage our congestion risk. If you have questions, please ask. We need everyone up to speed on this quickly.  Thanks, Bill 
 Group, Just a quick reminder. When we are notified by the CAISO Generation desk regarding a "waiver" for an Enron managed unit in California, we should notify the services desk if it is during the day, and should email the services desk (and me) if it is after normal work hours. If you have questions please just let me know.  Thanks, Bill 
 Crystal, Seattle was sweet this weekend. I went and saw Brad at the Breakroom...what did you think of Husky Stadium? Woohoo! Man, Thursday...whoa...and think, I went out after that...whoa...but it was my birthday...sorry for calling late. Are you doing anything cool this weekend?  Motorcycle dirt track races are on Saturday night at Portland Speedway... I am stoked. Plus the first Husky football game is this weekend in Seattle against Michigan!  How are other things going? Hopefully well.  Later, Bill 
 Steve, Can we contact this Steve Johnson guy and tell him he is a pawn for the state of California... Funny...I don't remember a "near-meltdown", just inept purchasing and load balancing by CERS at the start of August. CERS is consistently completely out of the market. EVERY DAY! They can't even manage to bury their bad trades in 35,000 mws of load! Humorous article though. B 
 Dave, Thanks for the update and I appreciate the work. I understand that moving turrets, and reconfiguring desks takes time. Just let me know what I can do to help on moving turrets, or changing the RT desk configuration.  Thanks,  Bill 
 Good email Kate. Nice work. Way to get after "it"!  B 
 Guys,  We are short for HE 21 through HE 23 at Malin. We are short at $40. The sale is to Pacificorp Power Marketing. 20 mws of the 50 is going to SMUD and 30 mws of the 50 is going to CERS. You can reference tag#'s 31892 and 31889. If you have any questions just give me a call on my cell phone.  Thanks, Bill 
 Group,  We are continuing to refine our deal entry techniques and spreadsheet techniques. We are having great success with EOL so far. For further clarification.    1. ALL DEALS UNDER ST-WHOURLY--except a lending/parking deal or cut. For example if we are lending with ST-SW and we buy for them in NP-15. The buy in NP-15 is under ST-WHOURLY, the EPMICALPOOL Buy/Resale from NP-15 to FC345 is under ST-WHOURLY, the INTER-DESK sale is made under ST-WHOURLY (at the end of the day--see #3), and the sale to EPE is under ST-SW. The export in CAPS is also under ST-SW.  2. ONE DEAL FOR AN ON-PEAK or OFF-PEAK PURCHASE or SALE.--For example one deal for a sale to the imbalance, one deal for a sale to EPE  3. ONE DEAL FOR AN INTER-DESK SALE or PURCHASE--done by the NIGHT SHIFT at the weighted average price for the entire strip, transmission costs should be included. We are just averaging the purchase price or sale price for specific deals. (see ST-WBOM SP-15 section of AUG TRADING sheet on 08/29/01 for an example)  4. INC SHEETS MUST BE MAINTAINED, DEALS ENTERED AND ROUTED EACH HOUR--only way to stay ahead  5. WE ARE GENERATING SIGNIFICANTLY MORE REVENUE AND PROFIT TRADING WITH EOL (over $130,000 in the last 5 days alone--does not include congestion revenue!)--530+ trades, 13,100 extra mws traded with EOL in 8 days.  6. MEETING ON TUESDAY 09/04 at 4PM   Finally, I will be out of the office for Friday and will be in Seattle through Sunday. You should be able to reach me on my cell phone (503) 887-3449. If you can not reach me, please refer questions regarding trading to Ryan Slinger, (503) 789-1306.  Thanks for the continued hard work and attention to detail,  Bill 
 Thresa,  I have attached the spread sheet I created back in February. There are comments explaining the formulas. If you have questions please just give me a call and I will try to clear them up.  Thanks, Bill   503-464-3730 
 Jon, Good to hear from you. Glad to hear you are healing up, as for me, I am still working on the sprained knee. Enough of this one game and out stuff. Do you know when the outdoor season starts? I am hoping to make some indoor games, but want to concentrate on outdoor.  Bill 
 Darren, Per our discussion, please allocate all Hour-Ahead Congestion charges or revenues to the ECTRT group. Hopefully this will simplify the management of our books. My understanding is that Chris will tell RT if there are cuts or some other need to put in Hour Ahead (24) schedules for the Cali desk and will allow us to allocate approriate charges or revenue to him if necessary. All Congestion charges/revenue at tie points should still be allocated to the desk entered in CAPS. If you have any questions please see me. RealTime will still try to notify you of Congestion revenue or charges.  Thanks,  Bill 
 Virginia,  All deals were originally sourced under ST-NW. Revenue was moved from ST-NW to ST-Whourly for 70/30 split between LP and ST-Whourly.  Annuity to ST-Whourly from ST-NW #531524--$23468.76  Annuity from ST-Whourly to LP #531549--$12597.73  Annuity from ST-Whourly to LT-NW #531546--$5472--this compensated for original deal sold to LP (take or pay).  ST-Whourly kept the difference between #531524 and #'s 531549, 531546.  All deals were originally sourced under ST-NW.  If you have questions, just let me know. Thanks, Bill 
 There are several annuities related to the profit sharing of this deal. First-- All deals should have been made under the ST-NW desk to route with the PGE = deal-buy tranny-etc. (I recognize this did not happen but this was my inten= t and should or could have). Consequently all revenue from this deal origin= ally went into the ST-NW book. Therefore. An annuity was made from ST-NW to= ST-WHOURLY. Deal #531524--$23468. Next an annuity was made from ST-Whourly= to LT-NW at $5472 to compensate LT-NW for the $48 purchase price (deal #53= 1546). This left a profit of $17996 to be divided between ST-Whourly and L-= Pac-30/70. Consequently, ST-Whourly made an annuity to L-Pac for their part= of the profit share, Deal #531549--$12597.73. All this left RT with a prof= it of $5399. If you place all the deals under LT-NW...it will be a large im= pact on ST-NW, and will result in LT-NW getting paid a couple of times. The= se profit share numbers are accurate. After expenses--LT-NW gets $5472 for = the original deal, then ST-WH gets $5399 and L-Pac gets $12597.73. All thes= e annuities cannot just be killed as they liquidated on the 26th--of Februa= ry. It is probably a better idea to put everything back under the ST-NW boo= k...ideas?  Questions?  Just come see me and let me know. 
 How about this?  Evelyn, Please try to send or copy any emails to me at Williams III, Bill. NOT Williams, Bill. This email went to Bill Williams with Enron who happen to be in Sweden...  Kate Symes will be taking care of your spreadsheet when she has an opportunity. As you may be aware we have recently brought out EnronOnLine to the hourly market. We have seen a dramatic increase in volumes, and priorities have shifted as a result. Daily deadlines must be met. We are working on our deal entry accuracy. I appreciate your patience, we will attend to this issue shortly. 
 Christel, How are you? Hope you are doing well. I got your message last night about leaving the NW. Where are you going? When do you take off? Drop me a note if you have a chance.  Take care. Bill 
 Group, EOL is off to a great start and is already becoming an integral part of the real-time market! Each person who has put in substantial extra time entering and reconciling deals deserves congratulations. I do recognize and appreciate the hard work. As always, there is more work to be done. We have had significant difficulty integrating the increased volume of EOL trades into our current business practice. Some members of the group have experienced limited success, others have experienced little to no success. A standardization in our process will benefit the entire group and will allow us to make consistent improvements as time goes on. So going forward.  1.	All deals will be done under ST-Whourly. If there is lending, parking or a cut that corresponds to another book, we will make that deal for the entire strip (for 	example, W-BOM sells to EPE for HE 7-22--all one deal). We will then sell or buy the appropriate amount of energy from Whourly to that book (this interdesk deal 	will not be routed). We will do the interdesk transaction as one deal and will enter deal strips with pricing for each hour or hours where appropriate and will include 	transmission charges when necessary. In Enpower, use strips wherever possible...try to avoid extending deals in scheduling.  2. 	All imports and exports will be under the appropriate desk (for example ST-SW exporting from SP-15 to FC MUST be under ST-SW in CAPS). This will allow us to put everything under Whourly and have export/import fees paid for by the appropriate desk. Otherwise the Whourly book will be charged for 	wheeling and/or potentially congestion for other desks. When filling a Service customer (such as Wheelabrator or EES) we should pay for the import and export 	fees.  3.	A "skeleton" of an inc sheet should be developed as soon as possible each day.  Sales/purchases to or from EES should be made for the day and 	immediately input into the service sheet. Likewise...Service deals/Lending/Parking should be put into the sheet for the day where possible.  I would like to implement all of these practices immediately. Effective HE 1 08/29/01, THIS is our new business practice. Spread the word. I am looking for more suggestions for improvements on our process. We will have a meeting on September 4 to discuss group direction and ideas for improvement. This will be an important meeting at 4 PM on Tuesday September 4th. Please plan to attend.  See me at any time with suggestions or comments.  Thanks, Bill 
 What do you mean adjust our system according to MPC's numbers until you do?  Are we correct? If the answer is yes. Tell MPC we are correct, we have checked out with our counterparties (thereby verifying our incredible correctness), but..because we love them so much...we will...this time only...take it in the proverbial shorts.  Next time...it will of course...be there turn... Good luck and thanks for your help. B 
 Regarding this. 
 Sorry to hear about Racheal...so the Bretts weren't gay? But what about Nancy... I haven't been to the Breakroom. I think I will be coming up to Seattle on either Friday afternoon or Saturday morning. I haven't decided yet. I am taking Friday off from work though...my birthday is on Thursday...isn't your birthday here in the tail end of August--or am I thinking of Chuck. Erica Price? from the dorms, rowed crew, tall, red hair, sometimes slightly neurotic?..that would be kind of fun to run into her, anyway...I'll get back to you when I figure out what the heck is going on. Later. Bill 
 You have to love the availability of beautiful lasses for viewing. Things are interesting. Enron is moving right along and we will find out about who I am working for on Friday (our auction should be completed then). Not too much else is new. My place continues to get better (as I slowly furnish it), but Portland continues to be the little sister to Seattle. A couple new bars in town suggest she might be getting closer to puberty but definitely not the woman about town that Seattle is. Morgan told me you may no longer be with Steph? Is this true? (And I hope you are the only one reading this if it is not). If that is the case, well, we can see what we can do about it. As always, I have no plans the next couple weekends, so give me a shout (still have my cell phone at 503-887-3449) if you want to take a trip on down. Your always welcome to crash on my couch...(sorry its all I have, I got rid of the futon). Hope youre doing well.  Word. 
 Kate, This looks good and is well written. Send away. B 
 Kate, How do I get David removed from schedule crawler? Could you help me with this. Thanks, Bill 
 Guys,  Good looking discussion note last night. I appreciate the good work.  Thanks, Bill 
 Group, I have copied in a note from Roger at EPE. As you can see they are placing a VERY high importance on economic dispatch of the units. Please be aware that every move with regards to marketing and running their system is under EXTREME scrutiny.  Please call me before you call our customer.  Thanks, Bill    Correction: The burner problem is on Newman 3.  (Thank You! Mr Ward)   The unit will be held at 85 MW's until repairs can be made.  The plan is to assess the problem Monday morning and make the necessary repairs.  If prices continue to be below cost we need to purchase power and back down local units.  With Copper off, the dispatch shows we need to purchase power for 5 or 6 hours through super peak.  Depending on load,  GT 1 and GT 2 should be put in the hole (around 7 to 10 MW's each) HE 1:00 through HE 9:00...  If  Market conditions are less than $14.00  BACK DOWN Four Corners...   As load picks up be sure to pick up Four Corners first! If there is a reason we have to dump FC power please send me a note!   If there is any confusion over whether to back down FC CALL.  Any questions or comments please call at  5808  or  915-204-1202...  Roger  <Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)> 
 Dave, Good morning. When you have a chance. We need to get a third turret in the mix at RT. We should use Kate's turret if necessary. Please see me with ideas and or a timeline for getting this installed.  Thanks,  Bill 
 Sweet. Thanks for the call last night...Brad should be awesome. Where is it at? Let me know how your "evening" with Rachel goes.  Bill 
 Group, Beginning tomorrow, August 25th, we will be scheduling for California on Saturday and Sunday. Serena has put together a training manual outlining the process. The ST-CALI group will be on call to answer any questions or to help us handle cuts. This should be a simple integration into our Saturday and Sunday shifts. Please see me with questions, and be prepared with comments and/or concerns for our meeting the first week of September.  Thanks, Bill 
 Group,  A quick important reminder. Recently our disputes with EPE and other SW cou= nterparties have been growing. While I recognize that we have some newer me= mbers in the group, it is the responsibility of the senior members of the g= roup to train and help the newer members to avoid mistakes. The EPE system = is not overly complex. If you have questions during a shift call ME first. = Do not wake up Roger, do not go inadvertant. Our notes on the deal sheet ne= ed to include whether the power is firm or econ (again--you should almost n= ever buy econ--). The EPE lending fee was recently renegotiated down to $2.= We have to be sharp in our marketing of their system to maintain our abili= ty to lend and to lend at $2. Disputes with counterparties will quickly era= se this opportunity. Marketing for EPE, making appropriate choices with reg= ards to the units, checking out with dispatchers on time, and reconciling t= he CARP are basic expectations for this position and MUST be met. If you ha= ve questions, please see me. We will discuss EPE and EOL in our meeting at = the start of September.  Thanks, Bill 
 Real-Time is on board and is comfortable with this...any questions from settlements? 
 Thanks for the email, I already worked this out with Kal.  Bill 
 Good morning. We are off in position manager at Mid Columbia because of Enron Canada. I notified Murray at Enron Canada at approximately 6:15 this morning. Position manager is also not working properly, it is reporting a variance at Pacificorp system border ? and at Palo Verde. However the position manager shows no variance when detail is clicked. If you have questions, let me know. Thanks, Bill 
 Kal, The delivery points are as follows:  Mid-C, NP-15, SP-15, and PV  And,  Products will currently be available for HE 12 through HE 20 Pacific Prevailing Time (PPT), for Monday through Friday.  I appreciate the hard work. Thanks,  Bill Williams Short Term West Hourly Trading 503-464-3730 
 Sunil, Per our conversation on the phone. We are getting several requests from customers to allow them to "personalize" their quotes to only include hourly EOL products. We are currently trading physical firm power at NP-15, SP-15, PV, and Mid-C for hours ending 12-20. A same day filter or hourly product filter would work nicely. Please let me know what you might need from me to get this accomplished as quickly as possible. Thanks,  Bill Williams Short Term West Hourly Trading 503-464-3730 
 Kate, We will be short  50 mws off-peak Sunday and Monday(that's all day Sunday and off-peak Monday) at @$36-check with Kysa on price.  25 mws on peak Monday at @$45 in SP-15 (check with Kysa)  25 mws on peak Monday at @$50 at PV with EPE (check with Holden)  25 mws off peak at MidC on Monday ONLY at $32 with ST-NW (we will sell to ST-NW--check with Diana S.)  Questions?  Let me know.   Word. B 
 There will be a 100 mw schedule delivered at COB to NCPA going on NCPA rights into NP-15. Phil Platter will be scheduling the purchase from NCPA in CAPS and submitting an HA 24 schedule. BE sure to watch what is in your templates in the morning.  The ST-NW desk will also be short day-ahead to PGE for Friday and Saturday. Diana will be sending an email.  Please call me with questions.  Thanks, Bill 
 Jack, Thank you for the call. Below are the names of the folks in our real-time group, they share the same phone and fax number. You can include me on this list as well. I appreciate your help with this.  Thanks, Bill    Name			Email				Phone			Fax Bill Williams		bill.williams.iii@enron.com	503-464-3730		503-464-7996  Ryan Slinger		ryan.slinger@enron.com		1-800-684-1336		503-464-7996 Geir Solberg		geir.solberg@enron.com Mark Guzman		mark.guzman@enron.com Bert Meyers		bert.meyers@enron.com Leaf Harasin		leaf.harasin@enron.com Eric Linder		eric.linder@enron.com David Porter		david.v.porter@enron.com Steve Merriss		steve.merriss@enron.com Craig Dean		craig.dean@enron.com John Anderson		john.anderson@enron.com Darin Presto		darin.presto@enron.com Mike Meier		michael.mier@enron.com Kate Symes		kate.symes@enron.com 
 ONE MORE TIME!  DO NOT SELL BELOW $15 FOR EL PASO WITHOUT RAMPING DOWN FOUR CORNERS!  READ THE INSTRUCTIONS ON THE GENERATION DISPATCH.  Do NOT let this happen again.    See me or another experienced member of the group with questions or concerns.   B 
 Heather, Count me in, I'll buy a bike. 100% here I come. B 
 Through Terminal Server (1).  Bill 
 A quick heads up. We relieved congestion this morning (08/16/01). The hours and volumes are in the inc sheet. Thanks, Bill 
 Monika,  I have attached your review, for our conference call tomorrow morning at 10 AM Houston time. Talk to you then.  Bill 
 Guys,  We are missing the congestion revenue from HE 7 on Saturday morning (10 mws at $99.00) in the flash we received yesterday.  Remember, the awarded congestion wheel caused the 10 mw variance we discussed on Monday.  Please see me with questions. Thanks, Bill 
 Group, Another update on the situation with California. Check out the letter. Good questions... 
 Group,  Recently there have been complaints regarding chew in the kitchen sink, chew scattered around the edge of garbage cans, and chew spit cups left on desks. Although we are not the only group that uses tobacco products, we are the most visible. The relaxed atmosphere of the group is a priviledge and I expect each person in the group to be responsible for the appearance of our desk and the perception of our desk by others on the floor. Leaving chew spit cups on other desks or throwing chew in the sink is unacceptable. It is a simple thing.  Thanks, Bill 
 Group,  Recently there have been complaints regarding chew in the kitchen sink, chew scattered around the edge of garbage cans, and chew spit cups left on desks. Although we are not the only group that uses tobacco products, we are the most visible. The relaxed atmosphere of our group is a priviledge and I expect each person in the group to be responsible for the appearence of our desk and the perception of our desk by others on our floor. Leaving chew spit cups on other desks or throwing chew in the sink is unacceptable. It is a simple thing.  Thanks, Bill 
 Journalism? Pretty big Enron influence in this article from what I can tell... What are your thoughts? 
 Jim and Darren,  We relieved Path 15 congestion for HE 7 on Saturday morning.  We flowed 10 mws from Malin to FC345. This resulted in the 10 mw "variance" in the report. I have added deals to Enpower to flatten the report, these deals are only necessary for the sake of the report. The identical variance in the north and south indicates a wheel or load shift. I prefer to not enter these extra deals. Please see me with questions if you do not understand why the report variance exists.  Thanks, Bill 
 Geir,  Avista put in the 100 mw sale at $70 for HE 1.  BPA and CAISO accepted the schedule. I have changed enpower deal #727620 (SCL) to a zero for HE 1, and enpower deal #727622 (Avista) to 250 mws from 150 mws for HE 1.  Good work on getting this schedule taken care of. Bill 
 Alan, I think you have identified the most pressing issues. Certainly the ability to go long or short into R/T will be important and hopefully the CISO will follow through on its efforts to "strive for simplicity and transparency." Any idea what the penalties for being long or short in R/T might be?  In the CISO's proposal the first two "goals" for the real time market appear to be at odds with each other. Also, I think we should push to rid ourselves of 10-minute dispatch at tie points. I understand the CAISO keeping the ADS in-state but it has not worked at tie-points. Feel free to let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks for the update.  Bill 
 Kate, We are short 25 mws in SP15 at $43 for Tuesday.  I am unsure if ST-CALI is doing anything. We are short 25 mws at PV at @$50 with ST-SW on EPE lending for Tuesday.  Let me know if you have questions, and you may want to check prices with these desks. Thanks, Bill 
 Jim, We recieved congestion relief revenue from the CAISO for Sunday and Monday, August 12th and 13th. Thanks, Bill 
  Bert, When buying from any desk on the floor, you should have a sale from that desk (say ST-CALI) to either WHourly or WBOM, then do enpower as normal. The interdesk sale will not pull up in scheduling and you will have to route the sale in Enpower to the physical buy by the other desk (another words...ST-CALI buys from imbalance, sells to WHourly/WBOM, then WHourly/WBOM sells to EPMICALPOOL, then WHourly/WBOM sells to EPE. Please let me know if you have questions.  Bill 
 Jessica,  Please remove me from this list. I am not involved with the management of anyone in this pool.  Thanks, Bill Williams III 503-464-3730 
 Lisa, Please do not charge EPE the $0.25 scheduling fee on EPE lending or parking with us or ST-SW. Questions? Just ask. Thanks, Bill 
 WAY TO GO BIG!!! Good job...nice accomplishment. Much props! B 
 Guys, You can find out the information you need on the website. The website is www.wscc.com, click on certification and training, scroll down to the Schedulers Course manual.  Print off the schedulers course manual and study it.  You will be tested on the material, a pre-test and a post-test. (note:you will need to access the site in Explorer to get the manuals).  You can call telephone# 801-582-0353 to get information on the scheduler's course (this is the main-line to WSCC so you will have to ask around a bit).  Please arrange for those on night shift to get in about 15-25 minutes early so you can leave at 5:10 on the 13th. Thanks, Bill 
 Murray, We tally up our exposure each day based on the California flash.  Our monthly exposure can be found at P:\RealTime\Exposure\August Exposure. We are keeping a very close eye on it.  Thanks, B 
 Jim, We have congestion revenue again for 08_07. We moved 272 mws at $194. Total revenue should be $52768.  Thanks, Bill 
 Neil, The revenue for the sale that Phil entered to the CAISO will be captured by our volume management group.  RT will have no access to this revenue.  Consequently, we will not buy or sell it on your behalf to capture it. Please give me a call tomorrow for a more thorough explanation. Thanks, Bill 
 Scott, I had not heard from you in a while and was wandering what you might be up to? Still in Seattle? Coming down to Portland anytime soon? Let me know. word.  B 
 Accused? Easy there. RT is clean. Just like you said...all with the tags and the up and up! B 
 Thanks! 
 Jim, I just wanted to bring to your attention the volume of congestion that we relieved last night. It looks like 28 mws at $198 and 75 mws at $223.00. This should be at total revenue of $22,269.00.  Please see me with any questions. Thanks, Bill 
 Dave, I would like to restrict access to this directory.  It is P:\RealTime\ I would like only the members of the real-time group to have access.  That is... Geir Solberg Ryan Slinger Leaf Harasin Mark Guzman David Porter Bert Meyers Eric Linder Steve Merriss Craig Dean Kate Symes Todd Bland Casey Anderson Darrin Presto Mike Meier(sp?)  as well as... Greg Wolfe Mike Tully  Please see me with questions. Thanks, Bill 
 Yo! Yeah, I am taking a look at it.  How are the interviews coming?  If you want to meet me for lunch, we can grab some pens and go over the thing. I am going to need information from you, and find out what you want to show.  Anything good going on this week? B 
 Spin was exercised for HE 9 and HE 10 at 08:35 and 09:35 respectively. 
 I am not involved with communications...  Thanks, Bill 
 FYI CAISO returns to Primary server. 
 Group,  Please join me in a meeting Tuesday at 4:30 in Mt. Hood.  We will be discussing strategy and group direction! Pizza will also be in attendance.  Thanks, B 
 Kate, Here is some new info, and some updated info for our packet. Let me know if you have questions.    , , 
   http://dotect.ect.enron.com/genstat/epe/status/ 
 Group, We will be performing a new service for EES. On Monday, August 6th the ST-CALI desk will have submitted ancillary service bids to the CAISO for EES load.  LADWP will be providing the capacity (SPIN), we will be dispatched over the ADS system, and then need to call the amount into LADWP.  We need to keep track of the amount exercised.  We should do this in the Service Sheet and then record the amount dispatched on the sheet to EES on Tuesday morning as well.  The tags are in the front of the services book for Monday.  The shape is as follows.  Time			Volume			Tie Point     		Type HE 7			6 MW			LA4-VictorvilleLugo	Spin HE 8			6 MW			LA4-VictorvilleLugo	Spin HE 9			6 MW			LA4-VictorvilleLugo	Spin HE 10			6 MW			LA4-VictorvilleLugo	Spin HE 11			6 MW			LA4-VictorvilleLugo	Spin HE 12			6 MW			LA4-VictorvilleLugo	Spin HE 13			6 MW			LA4-VictorvilleLugo	Spin HE 14			6 MW			LA4-VictorvilleLugo	Spin HE 15			6 MW			LA4-VictorvilleLugo	Spin HE 16			6 MW			LA4-VictorvilleLugo	Spin HE 17			6 MW			LA4-VictorvilleLugo	Spin HE 18			6 MW			LA4-VictorvilleLugo	Spin HE 19			6 MW			LA4-VictorvilleLugo	Spin HE 20			6 MW			LA4-VictorvilleLugo	Spin HE 21			6 MW			LA4-VictorvilleLugo	Spin HE 22			6 MW			LA4-VictorvilleLugo	Spin  Please call me with any questions.  503-887-3449-cell 503-274-0502-home  Thanks, Bill 
 Elliot, I have attached the standard PEP review form. The last three categories regarding goal setting and objectives to be acheived still need to be completed.  Feel free to add in any comments you might have in other sections as well. I will plan on meeting with Jesse and you early next week.  If you have any questions just let me know.  Thanks, Bill 
 Chuckle, chuckle. 
 Pedantic is...  1 : of, relating to, or being a pedant 2 : narrowly, stodgily, and often ostentatiously learned 3 : UNIMAGINATIVE, PEDESTRIAN 
 Group,  When doing imports and exports at tie points for other desks, be sure to put the other desk as the Customer in CAPS.  This prevents inappopriate charges going against the real-time book.  Import and Export fees are typically in the nature of $5 per mm on a wheel.  Thanks, Bill 
 The new column on the services sheet regards energy that we may need to market but that is not prescheduled, usually in the off peak hours...Call with any questions. Home number is 503-274-0502 Thanks, Bill 
 After yesterdays cuts there have been some changes in the Colstrip Cut Procedures. 
 Geir, Here is your interview schedule for tomorrow.    Geir Solberg, Mt. Rainier Conference Room - August 2, 2001 12:00pm-12:45pm - Tom Alonso 12:45pm-1:30pm - Greg Wolfe 1:30pm-2:15pm - Matt Motley 
 When Colstrip goes down we will be short at Montana system and long at PGE System.  We need to buy a transmission wheel from BPA (Account#736780) from PGE System to the Montana System Border.  If need be we can also do a Buy-Resale with WWP to move the energy from PGE Sys/Mid-C/LOLO to the Montana System Border.  The method for documentation and cleaning up enpower are below.   1.) In enpower, build an index forward buy from PGE under LTNW book for the total amount of mws cut due to colstrip going down.  Use the DOW JONES MIDC index (remember to specify in the index if it is on or off-peak).  Enter an offset of .10  .  2.) Enter a transmission deal from BPA.   (MIDC to MPC SYS)  The transmission fee is $2.52  3.) Go into deal scheduling and query  under the counterparty PGE.  Select all  4.) Bring up all deals of the counterparties involved at Colstrip---- specifically, Ashgrove,Conocpil, Energywesr, Louisiana Pacific, and Smurfit Stone, etc. (these enpower deal numbers can be located under the counterparties name in lotus notes.)  5.)Zero out the buy from PGE @MPC SYS  6.) Finally link the deals.  7.) Check real time postion manager, make sure you are flat.  If you have questions regarding this procedure please let me know. Thanks, Bill 
 Kate, I would be glad to look at anything you had... B 
 Scotty, What's up? Checking to see if this was your email or not? Haven't heard from you in forever. Hope you had a good new year. Drop me a line and give me the word.  Bill 
 Very GOOD! 
  Yo! 
 Group,  We will have a real-time meeting on Tuesday August 7th at 4:30PM.  The meeting will run till 5:30. We will go over Hourly EOL implementation, Cuts (yet again), new group members, and market changes.  Our baseball trip to the suite is Thursday August 16th.  Food and beverages will be provided.  Finally, reviews are coming.  Thanks, Bill 
 Group,  A