 Gary,  Please resend the above report to me on April 12th. I am travelling and the size of the report is giving me difficulties replicating my e-mail.  Thanks,  Paul 
 Harib,  Attached is the latest update for the DPC project. A printed copy of project photos is being forwarded to you seperately. If you have any questions, please feel free to call me at 713 345-5855.  Best Regards,  Paul 
  Audrey,  All of my time was normal time.  Thanks,  Paul 
  Walt,  EOG currently has three producing wells in Lipscomb Co., BLK 43, Sections 186 and 255. According to EOG, they are flowing ~2300 MCFD into our 12" line through Duke's interconnect in Section 186. EOG has recently completed a well in Section 253 (possibly 2000-5000 MCFD) and has plans to drill at least one more well. They are considering having their own tap into our line, probably in Section 255.  I am interested in knowing whether or not there are any other pipelines nearby that they could use to sell their gas.  Also, I spoke with Perry Frazier and I am thinking we would do the tap, install a valve and EFM. EOG would install the rest of the equipment. What are you thoughts?  Thanks,  Paul 
  Perry,  Walt is saying the field would just tap the line and install a block valve. Can you talk to Sammie Williams and make sure that you both agree regarding the EFM.  Thanks,  Paul 
  Susan,  Thank you for your bid for transportation capacity on Transwestern. We are in the process of evaluating your proposal. I will call you on Monday before noon.  I hope your weekend is great!  Paul 
  FYI - see attached 
  This meeting will provide an update on the work that I have been doing regarding Price Spreads and Available Capacity in the future.  Paul 
  Kim & Lindy,  TK and I may be calling one or both of you to get this posted this week. I can be reached on my cellular at 713 825-8046.  Paul 
 Rajesh,  Clay and Wayne and I talked today and agreed that Conditions of Use agreements for Dabhol, Oman, and possibly Abu Dhabi would be a good starting point. Let's talk with Clay tomorrow morning Houston time. Are you in the Enron office in Dubai?  Paul 
  per your request 
  Elizabeth,  The original delivery points for these contracts were:  25841		40,000/d to Topock  26511		21,000/d to Needles   TK tells me that now the delivery points are:  25841		29,000/d to Topock 11,000/d to Needles  26511		11,000/d to Topock 10,000/d to Needles  Can you tell me if this is correct? If yes, will these delivery points and volumes be in effect until the end of the contract? Can they be changed again? Do we have paperwork documenting the change?  Craig Buehler told me that Dennis Lee x-3-7115 could be of assistance. Could you speak with him?  I will be out for the rest of the week. Please call me at 713 825-8046 when you figure this out.  Many Thanks,  Paul 
  Steve,  Per my note, the attached is electronic form of data requested.  Paul 
 Barbara,  I noticed the same thing and asked Laura to investigate. I am out of the office but will return on Monday. We'll straighten it out then.  Talk to you soon,  Paul 
  TK,  FYI 
  Please have a look at this and see if you spot anything that needs to be added. I'd like to add our gas quality specs and equipment specs mentioned in Sect. 3.3.  Next I want to circulate to engineering and operations for comment.  Thanks,  Paul 
 Audrey,  I only had regular time.  Thanks,  Paul 
 Javier,  Do you know anyone that might be interested in this?  Paul 
 Edan,  Thanks!!!! I didn't realize that you were still in Hong Kong. How's life??? Are you married? I can't remember.  Married life is good. Different but good.  Paul 
  FYI 
  Maggie,  Attached is my completed security request form for access to TW's CAS.  Thanks,  Paul 
 Barbara,  Transwestern Pipeline Company consents to disclosure of the discount rate for FTS-1 Agreement No. 27606 to the New Mexico Public Regulation Commission. For our files, please FAX a copy of the Confidentiality Agreement between PNM and the NMPRC to me at (713) 646-4095.  Thanks,  Paul Y'Barbo 
  Scott,  See the attached document.  I do not propose any language at this time to cover the eventuality of Children (except for what is in the Will). Any changes that would be needed to my beneficiary designations for the two Brown & Company accounts and the Enron insurance benefits will simply be made as and when needed.  Thanks,  Paul 
  Perry,  Please review attached document and let's discuss. You can make revisions to this document and return to me.  Thanks,  Paul 
 Alton,  Thanks for the concern. Fortunately, I transferred to one of Enron's pipeline companies in mid-September (just before things started getting really crazy). This is the most stable part of the company and we will survive no matter what ... although we may be owned by someone other than Enron. I was also fortunate to have very little Enron stock exposure. Many of my friends have not been so fortunate. They are losing their jobs plus they've lost most of their net worth.  Andersen is tight lipped because their butts are on the line also. I don't understand how they could have allowed Enron to guarantee so much debt and then keep it off-balance sheet.  Are you all going to Port Neches for Thanksgiving? Renee and I are going tonight. I hope that you all have a very nice Thanksgiving and Christmas.  Many Happy Returns,  Paul 
  Lorraine,  Laura has re-invoiced PNM and we should be in agreement now.  Thanks,  Paul 
  Suzanne,  Final pricing for the subject cargo is dependent on Nov-Jan LPG prices. A provisional amount is due today. Please base the provisional amount on a Nov MB price of 35-cents, Dec and Jan MB prices of 32.5-cents. These prices reflect the current market.  Thanks,  Paul 
 Suzanne,  I calculate a total amount due of $1,839,120.46. That is:  932,967 gallons @ $0.46396 1,625,526 gallons @ $0.41700 1,679,706 gallons @ $0.39200 178,500 gallons @ $0.39200  Total	4,416,699 gallons @ $0.416402 average price.  Please confirm.  Thanks,  Paul 
 The attached spreadsheet allows you to easily calculate Eco's year-end LNG inventory for a variety of cases that vary dispatch rate, # days of outage for CT1, and number of cargoes diverted between now and year-end. Simply enter your assumption for number of days of CT1 outage in cell A16 and the number of cargoes you want to divert in cell A23. The year-end inventory is automatically calculated. A negative number means that you require more LNG than you are entitled to receive.  Assuming that you want the LNG tank full at year-end:  1. Eco will be able to receive 100% of the remaining 6 cargoes if the CT1 outage is 60 days or less  2. 175 days of CT1 outage are required to result in Eco being able to divert 1 cargo and still have a full tank at year-end  3. a 60-175 day outage for CT1 results in surplus LNG but whether or not it is enough to market depends on how much the outage exceeds 60 days  The above figures assume a 76% dispatch and 95% availability on days that Eco is not assumed to be in an outage.   Paul 
 Based on today's closing NYMEX prices there is $1.9 MM of price difference between EcoElectrica's 2002 Winter Cargo Commodity Charge plus Commodity Surcharge and the delivered cost of 83,000 CBM of LNG. That is $5.61 vs $4.61. This assumes we pay a day rate of $50,000/day for the vessel, Jan '02 NYMEX is $5.41, and the FOB price for LNG is $2.66.  Let's stay in touch about the possibilty of landing a spot cargo into Puerto Rico in January. As we discussed, how we play this with Cabot is a big issue. There could be an additional $4.7 MM of value that could be captured by Eco if Cabot were unable to release its right to not deliver a Winter Cargo. Also, let's continue to think about how we make the logistics work and how we can get Cabot's cooperation if needed.  Also, note that Eco may need 2 cargoes of this size to make it until the Early Spring Cargo.   Paul 
 Rajesh,  I read through all of Todd's e-mails regarding COU's and they all had to do with EcoElectrica. None of them contained a draft document. Let's talk to Clay on Monday and get him to update us on Dan's efforts and forward a draft document if he has one.  Regards,  Paul 
 Meg,  I am using the cellular phone mentioned in your note. My Company Number is 1105 and my RC is 120588.  Regards,  Paul 
 Clay,  I see that the NYMEX is off another 16-cents today. Do you have a feel for what Henry Hub price causes LNG to stop moving to Lake Charles?  Paul 
 Rajesh,  I left a message with Dan Rogers regarding the availability of a COU in draft form. I have a hard copy of a COU that I believe came from OLNG. I can fax it to you tomorrow. Is your fax still 91-22-2881793?  Regards,  Paul 
 Today is good. What time? How about 12 noon?  Paul 
 Telvy,  All of my time was "regular" time.  Thanks,  Paul 
 Thanks!!! 
 Perfect. I'll meet you near the fountain but in front of my building. 
 ED,  I'm sure that you already knew this but FYI.  Paul 
 I'm available on Monday. Thanks! 
 Have a great holiday. 
 Well, actually I see it as finally finding someone that could appreciate those ideosyncracies and recognizing them as the gems they are. Ha Ha!!  I'm involved in Enron's LNG business. My focus is fuel management for two power projects - EcoElectrica (Puerto Rico) and Dabhol (India). India is nothing but problems as you may have heard.  Great to hear from you and know you are alive and well.  Stay in Touch,  Paul 
 Axel,  I tried to phone you at your office and your cellular but could not reach you. Please e-mail me with your new contact numbers.  I hope that you are doing well and enjoying your new role.  Regards,  Paul 
 Tuesday, May 8th is fine 
 If the last Hoegh Galleon cargo of this year is diverted to Puerto Rico, the economics of sending non-Cabot LNG to Puerto Rico are different than those mentioned in my prior note.  Based on current prices, there is $0.7 MM of value that could be captured between Enron LNG and Eco on the diversion. This represents the price difference between what it would cost to buy back our sale to ENA at CMS and what Eco would have had to pay Cabot for a Winter Cargo. If CMS would let us out of the terminal fee or let it apply to a future delivery, that would add an additional $1 MM of value. If Cabot had to give up its Demand Charge and Demand Surcharge (hard to imagine) on the Winter Cargo, that adds another $4.7 MM.  A second Hoegh Galleon cargo should add $1.5 MM but would need to be sourced from Nigeria or Algeria(???).  Cabot controls the date of the Last Cargo delivered in 2001. It can be November 23-December 15 (unless another date is mutually agreeable). The date of this last delivery determines the earliest date that Eco would be able to receive the Hoegh Galleon. The earliest that Eco could receive the Hoegh Galleon should therefore be between December 20 and January 11 - depends on Cabot.  Eco would be able to receive a second Hoegh Galleon cargo as soon as 29 days after the first Hoegh Galleon cargo delivery or as late as 45 days after. Two Hoegh Galleon cargoes should give Eco enough fuel (barely) to get them to the dates where they are eligible to receive the Early Spring cargo (100 days after the Last Cargo of 2001).  In addition to the $$$'s available to be captured, this program removes Eco's risk of not receiving a Winter Cargo from Cabot.  Economics and Timing -  The amount of value to be captured is most heavily influenced by December-January NYMEX prices. These impact our cost to buy back gas at the CMS tailgate and our cost to buy the second Hoegh Galleon cargo. Our gas cost is more subject to change than is the Cabot contract price we are trying to beat. If we had a crystal ball, we would lock-in the economics of the diversion and of the purchase of the second cargo when the NYMEX bottoms-out. The front of the price curve has lost ~$1.00/MMBtu in the last 2 weeks. Where will it go from here?  In order to be prepared to execute when market conditions are right, we need to get Eco on board and initiate discussions with a producer about supply for the second cargo. Also, we should talk with Gene Massey to confirm that the contract says what we think it says and to get his thoughts on what we are trying to do.  I would appreciate any insights that you may have regarding this opportunity.  Regards,  Paul 
 Tushar,  Please see the attached doc. Call me to discuss 5-5855.  Thanks,  Paul 
 If we worked out a price structure similar to the last cargo, we could eliminate the price risk by paying the following for the LPG:  1400 MT at a Fixed Price (represents amount borrowed that went to April sales) 2900 MT based on May Mont Belvieu plus Premium 1 2800 MT based on June Mont Belvieu plus Premium 2 and 2900 MT based on July Mont Belvieu plus Premium 3  The Fixed Price for 1400 MT and the Premiums 1,2, and 3 are under discussion with Suzanne. This structure matches the cost of product with ProCaribe's sales revenue.  Question: How does ProCaribe get paid for the 15 days of product that goes with the Progasco sale?  Paul 
 Oscar,  Per our conversation, the following are the fuel management team's assumptions of fuel requirements for Eco at 100% of capacity:  LNG   91,260 MMBtu/day at 507 MW    Heat Rate = 7500 BTU/kwh  LPG   1905 Metric Tons at 507 MW     Heat Rate = 7461 BTU/kwh    (Note: 522 gallons/MT   ,   91,300 Btu/gallon)  No.2   619,000 gallons/day at 465 MW   Heat Rate = 7313 BTU/kwh    (Note: 131,850 Btu/gallon)   Heat rates at less than 100% of capacity will be different from those at 100%. Check with Rick or Arthur regarding performance curves.  Call me if you have any additional questions.   Regards,  Paul 
 Wayne,  I'd like to discuss this further with you. Primarily, does this make me "officially" Dan's supervisor? I can see some pluses to that arrangement.  Paul 
 Shubh,  How are you doing through all of the uncertainty associated with DPC these days? Are we still waiting for the lenders to decide whether or not they will continue funding the project? What is the MSEB's current position?  I'll give you a call Wednesday morning (Mumbai ti