 I will be running the power options desk with UBS. I will still be trading gas though. how about you ? 
 This looks good. what were the system vols and when can you get me the rest ? 
 We will only be able to get Kiodex the customers EOL trades as per the agreement. If the customer so desire they can ask us to send their non-EOl trades to Kiodex for processing, but that is outside the Kiodex/ENW agreement. 
 same plan 
 cool go for it. 
 close enough for 5 9's, no ? 
 no interest. 
 I know Steve Murray quite well. 
 Add Barrick Gold to your list. They like Enron, and Bruce Garner has had extensive discussions with them. 
 what would be the product the Sabre would list ? I like the name but can't see the business idea; help me out. 
 where are we at with them ? 
 Please work with the group so that I am no longer inundated with erequests for additional mailbox space. 
 andy zipper john lavorato dutch quigley larry may mike maggi 
   how does this relate to what we are working on with them ? 
 When will we have a draft available fo distribution to Accenture ? 
 Unfortunately I will not be attending, but I would like to participate via videocon. 
 This is my simplistic first take: 
 Bloomberg has come back to the table with us and are being good boys so far. So I don't have a problem issuing them a EnronOnline journalist ID to view your prices. Thanks for the cooperation.  Andy 
 1). Hickerson does not have any products up yet. I need to find out from Bridges where we are with Cargill. He has been in meetings all morning, I will revert when I know.  2). To be honest I think we are nowhere with Dow, but I have left that to Berberian. I haven't heard a peep from anyone on this. I will find out.  3). I think it is 50/50 on GM. They clearly are interested, but are not very clear on what they are trying to accomplish. They do want to make markets. I think our best bet is an EOL product hosting deal, but their internal process will be excruciating. Next step is they will meet with alan Engberg to discuss listing 7 to 8 petchems on EOL.  4). I have not been moving forward on service level contract because I do not think it really adds any value at the present time.  5). I do think we should seriously consider the case for charging an access fee to EOL. This should not be viewed as a commission.  6). I spoke with Vin Viola of NYMEX and he is interested in pursuing this idea of clearer as credit sleeve for locals. He is tough to pin down and negotiate with but we will run this down by end of next week.  7). Re:kiodex, it is coming slowly as we have a lot of things on the development/testing schedule right now.  8). As you know we are in receipt of the ICE API. We have not been able to do much work on it given 7). 
 I did confirm that Dow is now an asset deal with no interest by Dow in ENW products.  I think we should look at what everyone else charges per commodity (i.e. ICE) and think about tsomething that is at least 50% of that. and it shuold be labelled an access or system maintenance fee.  A bit of good news: NGPL has confirmed that they would like to do a 2yr product hosting deal on EnronOnline. $150K initial startup plus $100K per year and $25 per transaction. So total value not including per transaction is $350K. I think they get 5 products, but Forster knows the details. It's a start and the crew here is pretty pumped.  I'm trying to get a lieutenant of Viol'a to work with but it is hard. Patience.  Let's meet on Monday to talk about what we were going to do on Friday.  I am in the office picking up some Stro's tix. It sure is quiet for a Saturday...creepy. 
 Congratulations !  Now let's focus on closing the deal and getting someone else signed up.  Well done all.  AZ 
 huh ? 
 700 NM, 4 hrs total 
 Earthsat requires a password for enron, what is it ? 
 1). Reuters will give us 75% of all subscription revenue, which is how the product is sold. This is on a monthly or yearly basis.  2). Lynne T. Jones ASID phone: 281-437-3307 pager: 713-833-0736  good luck. 
 Let's you and I get together for lunch today, and do the same with Brad tomorrow. 
 I will be participating by videocon. 
  This is where we are with banks for fx product hosting on EOL. 
 please put greg piper, phillipe bibi, and greg whalley on  distribtuion list.  Thanks 
  I have had you added to distribution list. 
 Sounds kind of vague to me. I think we should stick to known publications who we think add value. 
 In case you guys didn't have a copy. 
 done. 
 I can get in but I have no access to gas messageboard. Can you please fix.  Thanks 
 have we heard back ? 
 Jorg,  Sorry for the delay in getting back to you, but you know how things are. I have tried to get someone in the NPC to talk to me but to no avail. I will keep trying but don't hold out much chance...  A big Mazel Tov on the engagement ! Married life is the way to go.  I heard about Sonny. Oh well...i didn't really know him that well so i can't say if that was a loss or not.  I heard Alex is now with Allegheny Power, although I assume that is in NYC not Hagerstown, MD.  Take care and give me a call...(713) 853 6994  AZ 
 Ras,  This looks fine. Please distribute to Accenture.  Thanks, AZ 
  open up attached word doc. that should cover it. thanks. 
 would you like me to fill it out and return it to you ? 
 sorry for the delay I will have my check tomorrow. 
 John,  We are sending our bid and offer prices to Reuters for most US Gas & Power products, as well as European Gas and Power, Crude and Refined products, Bandwidth, Coal, Emissions, Weather and Sea Freight.  We will receive 75% of all revenue Reuters collects from subscriptions to EnronOnline quotes. It is an evergreen 1 yr contract with mutual termination rights upon 90 days prior notice. We are under no obligations to provide levels of service.  Revenue expectations:  Reuters will charge, initially, $150/month/desktop. They have 5,000 Energy desktops worldwide.  thus with 100% penetration we would get 5,000 x 150 x 12 x .75= $6,750,000;  With a more realistic assumption of 50% penetration the yield to Enron would be $3,375,000 p.a.  This revenue does not include the incremental benefits, in our view, of branding and standardization of our product and liquidity in the marketplace. In the future I could see us adding a transactable API to the product through Reuters, which would enhance the ease of transaction by Reuters users.  If you have any more questions give me a call or drop me a line.  AZ 
 Can I get a Reuters screen as well ? 
 I met with Jeff Sprecher of the Intercontinental Exchange for almost an hour and a half and thought it would be a good idea to bring you up to speed on where they are heading.  1). We now have the complete API to them, but it is hooked up to their test environment. They will be sending us a contract to sign before they connect it to their production site. He assured me it will be the same contract that all the founders have to sign to get access to it. Esentially, if we trade or provide prices the API will be free; if we are voyeurs then we will have to pay for it.  2). He stated that charging commssion is not a denfensible business model. They will try to make their money through mid and back office services.  3). Their purchase of the IPE is directly related to implementing 2). his vision is to use the IPE infrastrucutre to make all derivative trades cleared and then use the FCM's to fulfill the back office movemment of funds tasks. In a nutshell he beleives the FCM's are all interconnected and used to moving money around for settlements and margins through the clearinghouse, so why not expand their role.  4). When I expressed some skepticism about 3). he asked if we would like to participate in a forum with other ICE members to discuss shared mid and back ofice services. I told him we would.  If anyone has any questions about this let me know.  AZ 
 Still does not work. 
 please... 
 Next steps are he gets me a contract for the API, and lets me know when they are meeting on mid and back. 
 Let's table this for now. Too much going on.  On another note: Where do we stand with TFS ? 
 Heard you had ended up at Allegheny. In NYC or Hagerstown MD ?  Drop me a line, I want to discuss something with you.  Hope all is well.  Andy 
 Arvind, The propoer contact at Enron for you is Jay Webb. He can be reached at jay.webb@enron.com. I will foward this to him.  Good Luck, Andy Zipper 
  Over to you. 
 dave forster. 
 I need this deal closed by month end. 
 why are we bothering with LOC, I thought we had moved past that ? 
 Why wouldn't we use the deal bench auction platform ? This provides for open auctions with participants changing their bids in real time, no ? 
 Please remove me from your contact list. Thank You. 
 Not enough of a background in finance. Thanks and keep trying. 
 Stewart,  It is my strong belief that Kiodex will be most successful in marketing to Fortune 500 corporations. These companies have extremely large portfolios of derivative products to hedge various financial risks but do not view running a risk management system internally as core. I am interested in your thoughts, and how, if you agree, we can influence the company in this direction.  Andy Zipper Enron Networks 
 Batten down the hatch's and get ready for young Scott's first experience with Tropical Storms ! Here comes Allison !  On another note we went live with TQ yesterday. Unbelievable huh...We did one trade with Tuscon Elec. the first day and today we did three, all with PG&E, who happen to own 40% of TQ. Pretty lame.  On a good note, we hit a record today with BrokerClient, 53 trades. 46 power and 7 gas, which is nicely diversifying.  Other interesting note: We launched Reuters on Monday and the NYMEX wants to put it up on one of their huge wallboards. They would buy a block of desktops to cover it. Bad news is that, John Arnold, my new boss in approx 25 days, with some justification thinks this is a bad idea. He will lose the ability to arb the floor against the OTC. My view is that this will go away anyway as eNymex and ICEX do the same thing. What are your thoughts ?  Hope all is well  Andy 
 Please check with me prior to traveling to conferences.  Thanks 
 my work phone is 713 853 6994 
 I think this guy would be a good fit for RAC. Send the resume to them. 
 FYI 
 I've asked Bob to be the business side representative to work with Operations and IT in getting the Kiodex project off the ground. In addition he will be pursuing the channel partner opportunities with them regarding Product and Environment hosting services. On the sales channnel effort he will work closely with Dave Forster. 
 looks good. what are vector's major receipt and delivery points ? 
 Naveen,  I would like to see what VaR is thrown off by a series of trades. Can you run the following strategies throught he Var model and let me know what the results are.  1).  500,000 mmbtu of a Mar NYMEX straddle. Srike: 2.05, vol:70%  2). 500,000 mmbtu per month of an Apr02/Oct02 NYMEX straddle, Strike: 2.30 vol: 48%  3).500,000 mmbtu per mo0nth of a Nov02/Mar03 NYMEX straddle, Strike: 2.85, vol: 46%  4). 500,000 mmbtu of a Mar NYMEX swap  5) 500,000 mmbtu of a Apr/Oct02 NYMEX swap  6). 5,000 mmbtu/d of a cal03 NYMEX swap  7). Same for Nov02/Mar03  8). Short 500,000mmbtu  Mar02 vs. long 80,000 mmbtu per month of Apr/Oct02  9). short 500,000 mmbtu of Feb Gas Daily swap and long 500,000 mmbtu Mar Nymex swap  10).short 500,000mmbtu of Feb gas daily straddle, and long 500,000 mmbtu of Mar NYMEX Straddle  If any of the foward prices or vols in the system differ from what I have given you use what is in the system. I would also be interested in what the UBS model spits out for these if available.  Any questions give me a call.  Thanks, Andy 
 Claudio,  I am still in the process of setting up what we are going to look at and how, but it will very definitely be options focused. I think the three major drivers we will care about will be Gas, Power, and weather. I am particularly interested in the relationship of how gas and power prices react with weather. One trade I am interested in is gas daily options that knock-in based on an observed temperature for the particular delivery point. What are your views and what would you focus on if you were me ?  Thanks Andy 
 jeff said he does not have access to trade emissions allowances. if he indeed does not, please turn him on for those. if he does, let me know. thanks. 
 I understand; however my request stands. I would like a heads up whenever you are planning a trip like this, it is the same I ask of all my direct reports.  Thanks 
 John, On the first note: OK, thanks.  On the second, I would like the senior person on each team (and they know who they are) to figure how to divvy up the tasks based upon their teams relative skills. You guys need to figure it out, with my help. Right now we are a little heavily staffed for what we are doing and I am trying to find ways to cope with that. This is one. Your cooperation is appreciated.  Thanks, AZ 
 I realize that traveling to see a client is part of our job. I would just ask that we try to spend those expense dollars as efficiently and conscientiously as possible.  Thanks, AZ 
 Mike's thoughts on subject... 
 What is, exactly, the state of play here ? I nothing else happens, on Monday does the product go up on the wallboard ? Has Eddie quoted on px to the Merc ? I need to have my facts straight when this becomes a pissing match between Whalley ,Arnold and Lavorato. 
 Thanks, are we talking to GreatLakes pipepline as well ? 
 do we have a contract in front of them yet ? 
 Harry's comments. He has a valid point on the volumetric suspension issue....i think he will launch the product but ask us to put this in the development queue. 
 Why is Mr. Frank Alexander interested intalking to me ? Furthermore who is he ? 
  Greg and Philippe  Having listened to the DealBench presentation at our offsite and after discussing with Jay, I would like to propose the following with respect to DealBench and EnronOnline:  1). The most valuable pieces of business functionality DealBench has are the data rooms and auctions. The first might have some going concern value, but probably not much, as IntraLinks, the king, only generates $10MM in revs per year. The second, auctions, while of value will probably be given away by competitors to get other business.  2). The technology as a whole is not severable right now, and probably not ready for prime time. Thus the chances of getting a bid for it as IPR that is above the costs of doing a deal is minimal. We have some knowledge of this from our Offline experiences.   Recommendation:  EnronOnline's auction functionality is very thin. DealBench's has a lot of good business logic built into it. While the code might not be up to our standards, it would be of value to integrate it into the EnronOnline platform. This way we take advantage of the superior EnronOnline brand and not reinvent the wheel as far as business logic is concerned. There will be some development needed to integrate and rewrite the DealBench auctions piece to accommodate the single EnronOnline login, as well as change the look and feel to an EnronOnline one, but this should be well worth it. It is my STRONG belief that there is an untapped market for energy and commodity based auctions that EnronOnline should OWN. As a part of this move we should re-deploy DealBench's auction marketing force to attack this space, which furthers the general commercial goals of ENE, as opposed to something that now is fringe at best.  Thanks, AZ 
 Yes, but the other shoe is that we should shut down the rest of DealBench. If not, we will need to make large costly changes to the infrastructure to keep it going. 
 I talked with Greg and he and bibi are for it. Start the process with Guadaramma but keep it close to the vest as it is not official with the DealBench folks. 
 thanks. 
 Wasn't me. 
 Do we want to make this official ? 
    Give Raj a call.  --------- Inline attachment follows --------- 
 I do not want my name in the article. Please use Greg Piper's or Phillipe Bibi's.  Thanks 
 Thanks for the note. Awaiting your review and response.  Andy Zipper 
 I keep getting asked for a username,password and domain name. What do I put in these fields to get access ? 
 Kenny, Peggy, Mike,  We would definitely like to get this finished by end of June. We can move as fast as you need us to. Ideally I would like both sides to get together early next to hash out any differences. How does this work for you guys ?  Thanks AZ 
 My pleasure. 
 Claudio,  I agree with you. The first bullet point will be easier to implement. Generally I have found that there is sufficient divergence of opinions amongst wholesale players that you can get positions on that you want.  My goal would be to fulfill the function of both bullet points. I think there are pockets of risk management of complex relationships around the firm, but no group dedicated to it. Clearly we will need quantitative rigor to serve those functions.  questions: I am familiar with Quantos from my banking days, where a USD interest rate option pays off in a non USD currency at a fixed exchange rate. What is the specific structure of the options you are looking at.  Regards, Andy 
 You're right he does look good. I am very interested. Can you set up a phone interview, and if that goes well bring him down for rounds. 
 Stu,  When you get a chance can you gice me a call re: the above and Natsource. I'm around most of tomrrow so any old time is fine with me.  Thanks Andy 
 thanks. 
 I agree. The whole thing is a sham. 
  FYI 
 any help you can give us would be appreciated. thanks. 
 Thank you. 
 Eddie,  Thanks for the note. This morning I signed my contract with UBS, so I am here for another year. After that I will be wanting to move the family back to the NYC area. If you hear of anyone interested in someone where my skills would be a fit, let me know. Otherwise things are going okay and we hope to start trading again by mid feb. Hope all is well with you and your family. I'll let you know next time I am in NYC. Give me a call when you get a chance and thanks again for the support. I hope you know I would do the same for you.  Andy 
 Stewart,  I base my opinion on 15 years trading and marketing risk management products to corporations. When I was at Bankers Trust, every corporation we dealt with would ask after completing a deal "can you tell us where we can get a cheap off-the-shelf system that we can use to manage these things ? "  The problem KioDex has is exactly what you describe: with companies that where trading of derivative products is core to their mission, the third party ASP model is an extremely difficult one to sell. There are all the obvious reasons: security, reliability, continuity etc... What Kiodex needs to focus on, in my opinion, is the intersection of customers who need the product but don't view the function as critical to their operation.  For what it is worth.   Andy 
 I agree completely. We are the delivery vehicle for Kiodex. 
 I hear Shell.... 
 I got this from ICE. Thought you should have a look at it.  AZ 
 Hi ! thanks for message. I will try to call you on cell phone.  Love you mucho,  KPD 
 I get a smattering of actual, I tool the family down to corpus to the beach two weekends ago, and half the flight was in and out of the clouds. Having a good auto-pilot and stormscope makes a diference, but stormscopes can be tricky to use unless you have a lot of exprience. The trick is never to put them on a setting of less than their maximum range or they never show you anything until it is too late. I have the stormscope feeding through the Garmin 530. Keep flying. 
 I sold 2,000/d of apr/oct @ 3.19, and 2,000/d @ 3.18. Please put these in the ng-opt book, not the jv book.  Thanks 
 Jay, Thanks for the help.  Andy 
 It has the  hO numbers but not the Cl numbers. 
 Jay that makes sense and is the right solution, however I floated it by Rob Benson and Dana Davis and they felt that having to have another product up on the ir screen would but just TOO much. Go figure. So they agreed to let me auto hedge to the base product and 5 min qty 5 increment works for me so we will run with that for the meantime. The non web visible route is my back up.  I'll let you know how it goes.  Thanks Andy 
 Don't know about the AGA....Seems to be that we are having harder and harder tme as an industry getting it right.  I flew to little rock last weekend for a BPPP bonanza school and had a really cool instructor who was a retired colonel in USAF and F4 pilot. Lots of good stories. Beautiful weeknd for flying. Saw Jack Hirsch but didn't ask him about his club's bonanza...  How is yor flying going ? 
 Congratulations on the new job !  Good luck, Andy 
 Sanjeev  to be honest this looks a little to convoluted to me. a nov/mar peiod for weather versus a jan-feb-mar basis ? I pass on this.  andy 
 After some preliminary analysis, it does not look like our big counterparties i.e. Dynegy, Rliant, Duke, El Paso etc., are closing down their positions. On the contrary their net positions seem to be rising. This is only for NYMEX related financial instruments, I haven't looked at phys or power yet.  Just thought you would like to know. 
 sure 
 let me know when you want to talk.... 
 I sld 500/d of cy03 2 3.56. pls book this in the JV book. thx. 
 i bot 1,000/d at 3.175 apr/oct02. put it against the digital in gas-x.  thanks 
 That would be great. 
 I'm okay. How are you ? 
 I am attending the Bonanza Pilot Proficiency Program (BPPP) clinic at Adams Field in Little Rock. This is the big airport in Little Rock. The clinic will be run at Central Flying Service, phone number there is 800-888-5387. If you need to speak with someone from the clinic ask for Kathy Tatalovich who is the administrator. I will be staying at the Embassy Suites by the airport. I don't have the nuber now but I will call you with it.  I'll call you from the road.  Love you and the kids mucho, KPD 
 "Attention Taliban! You are condemned. Did you know that? The instant the terrorists you support took over our planes, you sentenced yourselves to death. The Armed Forces of the United States are here to seek justice for our dead. Highly trained soldiers are coming to shut down once and for all Osama bin Laden's ring of terrorism, and the Taliban that supports them and their actions. "Our forces are armed with state of the art military equipment. What are you using, obsolete and ineffective weaponry? Our helicopters will rain fire down upon your camps before you detect them on your radar. Our bombs are so accurate we can drop them right through your windows. Our infantry is trained for any climate and terrain on earth. United States soldiers fire with superior marksmanship and are armed with superior weapons. "You have only one choice ... Surrender now and we will give you a second chance. We will let you live. If you surrender no harm will come to you. When you decide to surrender, approach United States forces with your hands in the air. Sling your weapon across your back muzzle towards the ground. Remove your magazine and expel any rounds. Doing this is your only chance of survival." 
 I don't know whom you are referring to. do you mean the fundy's group ? 
 no prob.... 
 It is in Wisconsin Power and Light service territory.... 
 Congratulations to all for your hard work ! 
 What a game. I'm psyched. Derek Jeter has to be one of the all time greats at his position. 
 I bot 1,000/d apr/oct @ 2.91. ple