 Epcor Merchant & Capital LLP (formerly Encore)  Contract Contact:	Karen Mikkelborg	phone: (403) 717-8121 Business Contact:	Derek Laishley		phone: (403) 717-4610 fax: (403) 7174601   ENMAX  Business Contact:	Marvin Mah		phone: (403) 514-2078 fax: (403) 514-3024 Credit Contact:		Don O'Brien		phone: (403) 514-2073   TransCanada  Business Contact:	Gwen Wenstrom	phone: (403) 216-2910 fax: (403) 920-2464 
 just send the essay at home  I don't know what to do about mom, i don't think fear is the only thing holding her back , i think she is lazy  is there a heart health class in Sudbury that has excercise regimines as well as diets?  when is the last time she saw her doctor 
 to this spreadsheet we should add the $64MM cost for increased operating reserves, the $60MM for taxes and fx 
  here is a spreadsheet that captures the eol price data, an analyst here built it, apparently whenever the price changes in eol it gets sent to a file server and then the macro picks up the new data 
 yes but not 100% that the merger will close 
  I am supposed to talk to her tonight.  What do you think it is? 
 it feels like life at work here is still day to day, we are still having credit issues in buying our gas back, it is difficult to be away for so long,  I don't want to let you down and I feel like a complete heel, but I am terrified 
 yeah i am too conservative, but jessica isn't afraid, i wish she would just stay here 
 a fly fishing book, fly-fishing net, 
 I am not going to fly on Thurs, but Jessica wants to go anyway.  I think I am going to stay.  SHe seems ok with it 
 just baby stuff 
 Still just waiting to see what happens.  Everything is ok though, just a little slow.  Jessica is doing fine.  Take care 
 John Disturnal read/write, the others just read 
 can you move 	Ian Cooke in front of Stephan Chad Bruce beside Brian Gillis Cooper Richey in Ian Cooke's seat beside Chris Dorland Bill Greenizan beside Cooper Richey Hourly beside Bill Greenizan in Chad Bruce's seat 
 i'm going to be in the US from nov 15 to nov 24 
 I am not involved in this, it is Rob Milnthorp's domain. 
 go ahead 
 looks ok to me 
 Kindly terminate all payroll deductions for non-registered plans with Canada Life  Thank you 
 The canadian sap # is 	p00565421 the us sap # is		p00503799  rumor on cnbc is that dynegy is buying enron 
 Just contact me at this e-mail address or 403-974-6749 re your interview 
  It's 2200 miles to Houston, to far to drive  home (403) 685-4817 
 http://www.cnn.com/2001/US/11/05/gen.attack.on.terror/index.html   CNN) -- Seven airport security workers have been suspended after police said a man made it through a security checkpoint at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport with knives, a can of Mace and a stun gun. Security screeners took two knives from Subash Gurung, 27, after he initially went through the checkpoint Saturday night, authorities said. Gurung then was allowed to pass through. Seven more knives, Mace and a stun gun were found in his carry-on luggage during a random search before boarding a United Airlines flight, police said. The suspect, who told authorities he is from Nepal, was arrested Sunday night by the FBI and will be arraigned Monday on a federal charge of unlawfully taking a weapon aboard an aircraft. He originally had been arrested Saturday by local police, charged with two misdemeanors and released on bond. CNN has learned of a possible connection between Gurung and a man who is being held as a material witness in the September 11 terrorist attacks. Gurung listed the same West Hollywood Avenue address in Chicago as the detainee. (Full story </2001/US/11/05/inv.ohare.security.breach/index.html>) In the U.S.-led retaliation for the terror attacks, Taliban forces were leaving their southern Afghan stronghold of Kandahar on Monday as U.S.-led airstrikes intensified. After a quiet day Sunday -- allied planes dropped a single bomb southeast of the city -- CNN's Kamal Hyder reported heavy bombardment of rural districts around Kandahar as well as military targets to the northeast, southeast and west. There were reports of further attacks overnight on the Kajaki Dam area, where a hydroelectric plant is located that provides power to Kandahar. Taliban frontline positions north of Kabul also were hit Monday, and there were reports of intense fighting near the strategic northern city of Mazar-e Sharif. 
 Here is the position summary as of Feb 2, 2002 
 A ok for me 
 jzufferli@shaw.ca, it has changed from jzufferli@home.com 
 can you explain to me what data you are pulling for canadian fixed price positions in the report, it showed chris lambie selling 1200 contracts yesterday.   my records indicate chris sold 145 nymex contracts yesterday.  in general the data (i.e including the var calc) is questionable relative to my reports. 
 That is good 
 Looks ok 
  When you get it can you come talk to me about this   Thanks 
 the phone number for the conference room in calgary is 403-974-6983 
 In the event that your vision is clearing, here is another stick in the eye.  John 
 i have a pcmcia card and the password is jessi 
 Yes 
  Sundance 3: Aug.16 to Sept.13 Sundance 4: July 12 to Aug 6 
 Sundance 3:	Aug. 16 to Sept. 13 Sundance 4:	Jul. 12 to Aug. 6 
 Rick & Laura Figueroa 210 Windrift Ct. Sugarland, TX 77479  Brian & Amy Brewer 11927 Canyon Mills Dr. Houston, TX 77095  Carrie Grin 3502 Burlington St #3 Houston, TX 77006  Mik Cadena 5610 Island Breeze Houston, TX 77041  Can't wait to see you guys.  Sorry if I sounded scatter brained when we talked on Wed, I was trying to watch the gas screen and trade at the same time.  Hope all is well.  John 
 I have no memory of receiving this info.  Can you send me another? 
 derek can you forward me the e-mail for the management conference?  my e-mail puked and deleted everything in my inbox. 
  I want to install some reporting measures on position limits and VAR metrics here in Canada.  Can you give Brian Gillis the necessary access so that he can prepare the reports for me.  If you have any questions give me a call ? 
 looks neat, maybe needs some other coloured wall paint to personalize it 
 There is nothing in my inbox.  I have no form to sign.  Could you deliver me one please? 
 I never wrote nor implied that I was intending to hedge currency exposure with a third party.  I implied that I will hedge with you guys when and where I deem appropriate in the term structure. 
 Since Alberta Power trades 15 times/day and East and West power trade in excess of 1000 times/day, I believe that a 10% allocation for my desk is inappropriate.  I would be willing to settle for 5% and I believe that this is more that generation/ 
 Given the volatility in the gas market (which is the sole impact on the Canadian power book's US dollar exposure) and the exhorbitant cost involved in hedging multi-year cashflows (i.e. as evidenced by Friday 10/19/2001 trade of -$1,200,000 Cdn new deal value for the 14 year swap that I entered into), I will manage the currency exposure of this book myself, I will hedge appropriately when I see fit and will not accept hedges forced on Enron Canada because of arbitrary position limits set by your department.  John Zufferli 
 Once again , the EOL report is ignoring the new customer list that I have given twice now.  They seem to insist that the the Canadian subs that are now tradinig Alberta power that have traded other products on EOL are not new customers. I have all but given up on this issue.  In terms on of # of trades/day for Alberta Power, the numbers for Aug and Sep are low:  August is 24 trades/day not 22 trades/day Sep is 13 trades/day not 8 trades/day  I will check the gas info later 
 Can you spend time with your replacement before you leave? I'll let you know on Monday who that will be.  Good luck in your future endeavours, it is sad to see you go. 
 Where is my preliminary P&L for Oct 16? 
 I plan to attend 
  Looks ok to me from the trading side 
  I agree, I feel the same.  It feels like we are getting left behind. 
  Unfortunately, the timing does not work for me 
 I don't have the P&L summary with post ID's for my gas books as of 10/12 
  Also, where are my gas reports 
  Also, instead of sending me the P&L via e-mail, arrange to have someone here to put the P&L and new deal reports on my desk as usual.  Thanks 
 can you make it more official looking, ideally a fax, signed by you, no worries, there is no liability 
 The currency P&L is missing from the preliminary again.  We shouldn't post P&L to the executive management reports with missing components. 
 BTW, I think I have a bye on this video. 
 I am not sure what New Start is? Any details? 
 What is the asking price of this vehicle? 
  Hey Jim and Greg, Jessica and I sent a card to Chris's wife asking about his well-being and this is the unfornate response.   Sent: Friday, October 05, 2001 3:04 PM Subject: From Anne Wodenshek Jessica and John, Thanks for the card, yes Chris was in the WTC, 105th floor on Tuesday  the 11th...2 days after our 12th wedding anniversary.  I hadn't spoken to  him at all that day and he wasn't able to call after the attack.  I only  hope that he wasn't frightened and that he didn't suffer. Some of the  other people who worked for Chris were able to contact their loved ones and they  said that they were going to be evacuated.  None of the 36 people who  worked for Chris got out, and in total, there were nearly 700 employees of  Cantor, Espeed and TradeSpark that didn't survive. We are all in a state  of shock and disbelief.  Chris would have turned 36 on 9-22.  He was  the most wonderful, hardworking, dedicated, easy going, kind, loving and  respectful person I have ever known.  He never had a bad word to say about  anyone nor was there a bad bone in his body.  The children and I, (5), feel  like our lives ended that same day.  I can't imagine moving on or ever  being happy again.  There is no reason for this dispicable act...this world  will never be the same. There were many articles about Chris in various  papers here in NJ and NY.  I was also on CNN when we were searching for  him.  You can find these at the Starledger.com, NYtimes.com, the Stamford  Advocate, Bergen record and info on the Cantorusa.com website.  I have set  up a trust fund for the children if you are interested.  The address is The  Christopher Wodenshek Children's Trust c/o Attorney Thomas Palace 20 Court  Street Hackensack, NJ. I am not sure if John worked at TFS with Chris,  but that sounds familiar to me.  If so, I wanted to let him know the Ted  Mahoney ( or Maloney?) was also at Cantor and is also amoung the missing. Thanks again for your kind card and prayers.  Please continue to  pray for peace in our and our children's time! Fondly, Anne, Sarah,  Haley, Mollie, WIll and Zachy Wodenshek 
 This is correct, except that a significant portion of his cost should be reapplied to Enron Direct 
 That is the Saturday after the management conference in San Antonio, I was = planning to stay down there for the US thanksgiving.  So tentatively, I won= 't be there  Conference is Nov 14-16 
 YES 
  The import/export units are fine, here is the SD3 SD4 info   - EnronCanada_ENBC.doc << File: EnronCanada_ENBC.doc >> - EnronCanada_ENE1.doc << File: EnronCanada_ENE1.doc >> - EnronCanada_ENE2.doc << File: EnronCanada_ENE2.doc >> - EnronCanada_ENSK.doc << File: EnronCanada_ENSK.doc >> 
 Frank, I forgot about Lon Draper and the options, here is an update. 
 I'll call him, I have to arrange to be there when he can come since it requires me to lift the TV with him. 
  Take the TransCanada Hwy 1 west to Calgary.  This becomes 16 Ave N in the city.  Take Highway 2 south (Deerfoot) when you get in the city.  When you come to the Deerfoot/Glenmore intersection take Glenmore Trail East.  On Glenmore, you'll pass under Macleod Trail (there is a big mall Chinook centre on your right), you'll pass over the Glenmore reservoir.  When you get to Glenmore and 37 st get in the inside lane of Glenmore.  After 45 st, Glenmore will split in 2, stay in the inside (i.e. leftmost lanes).  This fork will lead you to a stop light where you turn left onto Highway 8 Bragg Creek.  On highway 8 you will pass 69st, after the light get in the outside lane and take your next right on Lower Springbank Rd.  At the the stop sign turn left onto Lower Springbank, you should now be going parallel to Highway 8.  After 85 st and before 101st there is a gravel entrance road on your right, take this road, it is 100 feet long and leads to Slopeview Dr, turn left when the gravel road joins the pavement and go to 133 Slopeview Dr. 
 I don't have time to go to your office, you have to come here.  I am in the process of setting curves between 3 and 4. I never know when I am done since I am dependent on Houston currency and gas curves.  So if you could be here at 4 that would be good. 
  Just get with me when you are in 
 Not material so don't do anything. 
 When is the interview date at Wilfred Laurier, Guelph and Waterloo?  Can they all be put on at the same time, either on or off-campus? 
 Do you still have the forms for the 4 hourly people (Tyler, John, Mike, Murray). I tried to go into the PEP and get them but it is closed. 
 one of you guys should go to this 
  To my knowledge we are not building a power plant in Ontario.  I have been meaning to give you a call.  I will try sometime this week.  Talk to you later 
 Sorry for the delay, I had to do it twice since excell blew up on me and I didn't save it.  I hope that this is comprehensive enough. 
 My fax is 403-974-6706 
  ok 
 Assume that the interview was final round 
 I received a spreadsheet from Richter but do you have any contract documentation? 
 I don't remember my userid and password for the e-mail 4-life 
 I have got my page set-up in excel to print all the info.  The info is there.  I just don't think that Kim has her excel page setup to print the info (I assume she is the one printing it out for you).  Do you want me to call her? 
 TransAlta  Business Contact:	Chris MacDowall	phone: (403) 267-6949 phone: (403) 267-6905 
 Stephane Brodeur should be removed from the list. I am not sure about Chris Lambie, whether he is joining the company. Garrett Trip should be added as the Ontario Power trader (that market won't open until May 2002) 
 John Lavorato asked me to contact you regarding any and all info you have on the Owens Corning transaction in Alberta.  Please return my call at 403-974-6749 
 Have you reviewed that ladies resume that I gave you 2 weeks ago?  If so what do you think? 
 Corporately, we are not allowed to trade currency outside of Houston.  In the same way, we can't make markets on other traders' markets.  If EOL has enough products in currency, we may be able to post our numbers on the screen inside of the Houston currency traders' two-ways.  I am unsure if we are even allowed to do this. 
 This letter is good , just get Sharon to give me a copy to sign. 
 I traditionally send them on Tues morning.  I will send it tomorrow. 
 Can you grant Chris Dorland all requested access for EOL trading.  John Zufferli 
 Just replace me with you 
 that was our plan but I am not sure whether UBS has the proper Canadian corporate structure to allow to do that yet 
 i will attend 
 For the trading group, not including back-office staff .....  V.P.		1 - John Zufferli Director		3 - Mike Cowan, John Disturnal, Chris Lambie Manager	1 - Bill Greenizan Associate	2 - Cooper Richey, Rob Downer ( probably Chad Clark and Stephan Brodeur) Analyst		7 - Ryan Watt, Lon Draper, Fabian Taylor, Ian Cooke, Carlos Torres, Chad Clark, Stephan Brodeur Non-Commercal	4 - Murray Fichten, Mike Taylor, Tyler Seminuk, John Messenger   We probably need two more analysts 
 http://www.canadatrader.com/trader/result/affich.asp?sid=61XYHJQ2200250&rubno=4000&pa=17&pr=5 
 This afternoon is busy for Derek and I but we should be able to squeeze in a few minutes 
 I talked to Milly yesterday, he was ok with the concept of covering the 1 month salary.  I talked to Trish and the easiest/non-tax affected way to handle it is to submit expense forms.  The problem is if you sell the car at a loss, then the loss compensation is tax deductible, if you import the car, then the transport costs/imports duties can be submitted as an expense and is not exposed to taxes. I talked to Trish about exactly what you have proposed and she wasn't sure from an equity standpoint between what was given to other employees that she could do that. However, don't worry about it I'll do my best so that you are kept whole in one way or another.  The easiest position for me to push is if you actually want to keep your car, then you can expense the duty. 
 No I don't know about a power plant in Ontario.  How is it going in Seattle?  Hope all is well.  Give us a call sometime. 
 I understand that the car has 130,000 km.  Has the engine been rebuilt? When were the brakes last changed? How is the clutch and transmission? 
 number 1 
 I'll send it Tues morning 
 We can have you sit down with John Disturnal, Chris Lambie and Mike Cowan in informal interviews. 
 CAN YOU SET UP GREG BERRY IN DUNCAN CROASDALE'S OLD SEAT.  THANKS,  JOHN 
 John Zufferli Bill Greenizan Cooper Richey  of Enron will attend 
 One of us will attend 
 Give me a call after 3:00 PM MST tomorrow 
 I don't have a need for traders here in Calgary now.  I don't have a softcopy of the application.  He should think about Harvard and MIT 
 I'll be there 
 can you call me regarding this 
 Yes and send me his resume 
  Good for me 
 I have given Bill Greenizan formal authority to be your direct supervisor.  Bill will be the point person for any questions, development issues and concerns that your group may have.  You are still welcome to approach me at any time.  However, I feel that given my increased responsibilities with the gas group, it would only be fair to the four of you, in terms of career development, to have more frequent and detailed interaction with Bill.  Thank you.  P.S. I would like to make this announcement in person but as you know it is difficult to get all four of you at the same time. 
 We can put him in sean's seat 
 Looking forward to it 
 Sure. 
 I'll be there 
 Things are ok.  How is the new family addition doing? 
 ok 
 I don't have any immediate needs.  I don't know if anyone would want to come work for Canadian Pesos anyway.  Sorry I couldn't be more help.  See you 
 No problem 
  Infield 
  Just respond to Angela with how many seats you think you'll need. 
 Power Trading will need about 6 seats. 
 This sounds fine. 
 I sent a request to reactivate the PowerPool of Alberta's view access to EOL Alberta Gas and Alberta Power.  The request was sent to the help e-mail address 1 week ago.  To date the powerpool has not received access.  Can you inform me how long it will take?  Thank you. 
 Nella, the trade volume info looks correct.  It is the new counterparty info that is incorrect  in Q1 - we had 8 new counterparties for the Alberta Power product in Q2 - we had 2 new counterparties for the Alberta Power product 
 Have you got you Enron Online reactivated yet? 
 Feb 1  AEC Marketing physical gas Calpine Canada Natural Gas Partnership (Encal) physical gas El Paso Merchant Energy physical gas Williams Energy Marketing 
 Here is a copy of the script.  Let me know if you have any comments.  We can meet at my house at around 7:30 PM tonight.  133 Slopeview Drive phone:	685-4817  Can every dress up in as bushman or farmer outfit as you have.  It might be funny for Rob to wear a hockey jersey with the letter C on it.  Does anyone have a chalkboard?  Kyle can you bring you abacus? 
 This seems fine. 
 Sorry Nella, I replied a while ago directly to Rob Milnthorp 
 As a policy we only provide this info to customers who do business with us. 
 yes 
 No problem.  Just arrange it with Angela. 
 Can you re-activate the Alberta Power Pool Access to EnronOnline.  Although this entity doesn't trade, it is important that they have access to the Alberta Gas and Alberta Power product for view only.  This is a government entity that controls important gas generators in the province. They use our info about AECO gas in dispatching these units and they are an advocate for electricity trading in the province.  Therefore, they need to see the Alberta Power market data on EOL.  Thank You  John Zufferli 
 Looks right 
   I didn't see accumap added to the new list that was sent by chris behney,  the nova, oasis and power pool of alberta accounts that were added in yellow were inappropriately added as these are not data sources that require purchasing, they are simply accounts to set-up much like a membership account 
 Do you have our flight info? 
 Call us from London when youget there 
 Jason can you make a power point slide with the following spreadsheet