 Attached is the interconnect data sheet for Athens.  You and Raimund may want to update it for site specific criteria that has been identified since they changed the power plant site point. 
 I still need to get with you.  I will be out Monday afternoon, but could meet any other afternoon next week.  The job change has been invigorating and very enjoyable.  I really appreciate this opportunity.  Let me know when you are available. 
 My survey. 
 I need access to CPR Reports/CPR Print Manager and my own I.D. for CQG. 
 No economics or overview/summary, but I would talk to Brad McKay about the basis.  In the past we have valued Leidy at CNG North in the summer and Tetco M3/Transco NNY Z6 in the winter, but Brad has probably refined this by now.  Gas Daily has suggested that they will come out with an index for the point starting this November.  However, they still don't know what liquidity the point will bring. 
 My user ID is jhodge2. 
 Attached is a very old and dated MarketLink presentation. 
 Why is Jean Mrha an alternate? 
 According to Dick's notes from the deal ticket, we recalled the gas on 12/7/00, 12/28-31/00, 3/8/01, 3/22/01 and 3/24-26/01.  In talking with Cindy, it appears that at least two tickets were put into Sitara.  One ticket was our sale to Colonial and another ticket has us buying back from Colonial.  Sitara # 658124 is the ticket covering the buyback for March 2001.  Looking at the ticket in Sitara, there is an inconsistency between the Sitara volumes and the Unify bridged volumes.  Cindy, have you had a chance to check into this? 
 Attached is the interconnect data sheet for Athens.  You and Raimund may want to update it for site specific criteria that has been identified since they changed the power plant site point. 
 According to Dick's notes from the deal ticket, we recalled the gas on 12/7/00, 12/28-31/00, 3/8/01, 3/22/01 and 3/24-26/01.  In talking with Cindy, it appears that at least two tickets were put into Sitara.  One ticket was our sale to Colonial and another ticket has us buying back from Colonial.  Sitara # 658124 is the ticket covering the buyback for March 2001.  Looking at the ticket in Sitara, there is an inconsistency between the Sitara volumes and the Unify bridged volumes.  Cindy, have you had a chance to check into this? 
 Genia:  Attached you will find the form notice letter.  Let's proceed with the addresses that we have.  Jeff 
 We still need to figure out how to true-up the origination $ from estimated production to actual production. 
 Steve,  By this email, Enron North America notifies Columbia Gas Transmission that Enron will match the highest value bid for offer #33844.  This offer was the auction of the capacity currently contracted by Enron under contract #70197.  If you have any questions, you can reach me at (713) 853-7276.   Thanks for your help,  John 
 Rickey,  The best I can show you right now is Index plus $0.015 for 5000 Dth/d for Tetco WLA.  Let me know if this would work for you.  John 
 I still need to get with you.  I will be out Monday afternoon, but could meet any other afternoon next week.  The job change has been invigorating and very enjoyable.  I really appreciate this opportunity.  Let me know when you are available. 
 My survey. 
 Ruth should get the Cove Point info.  Since Williams now owns the terminal, Columbia has less and less to do with Cove Point activity. 
 Attached is the spreadsheet we discussed.  I'll get with you to start collecting the June info. 
 Debra:  Could you please attend this?  Thanks,  Jeff 
 Andy:  I am in the process of revising my form CA and, in follow-up to a conversation we had, I would like you to take a look at the arbitration provision.  For ease of reference, the applicable section is Section 7.  Thanks so much for your help.  Jeff 
 I need access to CPR Reports/CPR Print Manager and my own I.D. for CQG. 
 Andy:  I guess it would help if I attached the document.  Sorry for the inconvenience.  Jeff 
 Mark:  I am forwarding this to you for your delegation or response since it is a financial swap.  Thanks,  Jeff 
 Frank:  Attached is an electronic version of the CA.  Jeff 
 Suzanne:  This is already on my calendar so I am not responding to this invitation.  I seem to get a lot of duplicate meetings as a result of responding to these notices.  Thanks,  Jeff 
 Frank:  The disclaimer language is as follows:  THE PROPOSAL IS A BASIS FOR CONTINUED DISCUSSIONS AND IS NOT AN OFFER OR A COMMITMENT TO CONSUMMATE THE TRANSACTION DESCRIBED.  THE PROPOSAL DOES NOT CREATE AND IS NOT INTENDED TO CREATE A BINDING AND ENFORCEABLE CONTRACT AND MAY NOT BE RELIED UPON BE EITHER PARTY AS THE BASIS FOR A CONTRACT BE ESTOPPEL OR OTHERWISE.  I hope this is of some help.  Jeff 
 Mark:  My next trip to the UK is scheduled for the week of November 5.  Is there anything specific you need me to address?  Thanks,  Jeff 
 Rick:  Thanks for the information.  Lisa forwarded this to me late last night.  You should be advised that the termination notice was sent well before this.  Jeff 
 Ellen:  Per our discussion.  Jeff 
 Ellen:  Per our discussion.  Jeff 
 No economics or overview/summary, but I would talk to Brad McKay about the basis.  In the past we have valued Leidy at CNG North in the summer and Tetco M3/Transco NNY Z6 in the winter, but Brad has probably refined this by now.  Gas Daily has suggested that they will come out with an index for the point starting this November.  However, they still don't know what liquidity the point will bring. 
 Stacy:  I forgot to include you as a cc.  Sorry.  Thanks,  Jeff 
 Carolyn:  Per our phone conversation, I have received the card.  Jeff 
 Joanne,  That would be fine.  Jeff 
 Kathleen:  Per our discussion.  Jeff 
 Travis:  I am leaving.  If you need me, my telephone numbers are as follows:  Home 281-320-8856  Cell 281-799-9223  I will also be checking voice mail  Thanks,  Jeff 
 Don:  I look forward to receiving the copies.  I do not know much about these at all except that we seem to be constantly adjusting these in one way or another.  The lawyer who probably knows the most about these is Paul Simons in London.  Perhaps we can touch base with him tomorrow.  Jeff 
 Don:  I have a meeting at 2:00, but I can talk after that.  Thanks,  Jeff 
 Suzanne:  Here is another form contract.  It might work better than what you have.  Jeff 
 My user ID is jhodge2. 
 Sheila;  Per your request.  Jeff 
 Steve,  This email is to notify Columbia Gas Transmission of Enron North America's intention to exercise our right of first refusal for the subject contract.  By this notification, Enron does not agree to continue the agreement beyond the current expiration date or match the highest value bid in any subsequent auction.  If you have any questions concerning this notification, please feel free to call me at (713) 853 - 7276.  Thanks for your help,  John 
 Did you get this email?  Enron North America confirms that this deal should be cancelled. 
 I did reply to ICE's email yesterday.  I'm trying to call the help desk, but I'm getting a busy signal. 
 Looking at the entire transport curve was very beneficial.  They have definitely tilted the majority of costs for most areas to the Dec - Feb time frame, which is representative of this type of retail market.  On average for the season and/or the year, the transport costs are reasonable.  Let me know if I can provide any other help. 
 By this email, Enron North America confirms that this deal should be cancelled. 
 Still talking to Sequent.  We worked with them on Ford and U.S. Gypsum for = the release of 7000 Dthd like last year.  Trying to get Sequent to finish a= 2000 Dthd peaking deal with Ford.  Only working with Sequent on these two = customers, especially in light of Ed's second suggestion. 
 Aiysha, I can only quote you firm volumes for COH 5-2 through 3/02.  Does this do anything for you? 
 Per the letter from Enron Net Works LLC, this email is to inform you that I have received my Enron WorldCom calling card.  Should you have any questions, please call me at 37276. 
 Steve,  This email is to notify Columbia Gas Transmission of Enron North America's intention to exercise our right of first refusal for the subject contracts.  By this notification, Enron does not agree to continue the agreements beyond the current expiration date or match the highest value bid in any subsequent auction.  If you have any questions concerning this notification, please feel free to call me at (713) 853 - 7276.  Thanks for your help,  John 
 Attached is a very old and dated MarketLink presentation. 
 Julia,  I have spoken to the Gas logistics person.  I will have detailed data early in the morning.  As you can see, I have forwarded the other information.  You have my phone numbers if you need to reach me.  Jeff 
 Joanne:  For whatever reason, I cannot print this document.  Could you give it a try?  Thanks,  Jeff 
 Debbie:  On the gas side with Duke, the new master states that the non-payment default cure is 3 business days.  All of Duke Energy Trading and Marketing, LLC gas trades are under this master.  More information will follow.  Jeff 
 William:  Here is a transmission tariff with service agreements.  Andy asked for this.  Jeff 
 Stacy:  Please send me copies and I will see what I can figure out.  Jeff 
 EB3878a -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Mike:  Thanks for the note.  Things are pretty crazy around here, but it is clear that lawyers will be around here for quite some time.  Anyway, hope all is well with you.  My bright note this fall was the Buckeyes win over "the State Up North".  Give my best to your family.  Have a great holiday.  Jeff 
 Marcus;  My office phone number is 713-853-6911.  Have a good weekend.  Jeff 
 Philip:  Enron Natural Gas Marketing Corp. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Enron North America Corp.  Jeff Hodge 
 Lisa:  The above is an entity that does a lot of gas purchasing.  It has not yet been put into bankruptcy.  Given the various payments that have and will not be made, I think serious consideration should be given to filing for this entity.  Thanks,  Jeff 
 5822 Center Court Drive Spring, Texas  77379 
 Gregg:  Here is the information for the meeting at noon.  If you could e-mail it, I would appreciate it.  We will call you from the conference room.  Jeff 
 No can do.  Tonight is my anniversary.  Jeff -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 This seems fine to me.  Jeff -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Kay:  Sounds fine to me.  Jeff 
 Tanya:  This is what was sent over by Duke.  I will be reviewing it later on, but let me know what credit provisions we would like to see.  Jeff 
 To Whom It May Concern:  Could you please send a hard copy of the BHP application to:  Chandler Nicole Hodge 5822 Center Court Drive Spring, Texas  77379  Thank you,  Jeff 
 Susan:  Yes.  Jeff 
 Debra:  Sounds fine.  Jeff 
 Things seem to be fine. 
 Why is Jean Mrha an alternate? 
 Barbara:  The change on the physical gas contracts was made in August, 1999.  I hope this is of some help.  Jeff 
 FYI 
 As we discussed. 
 Debra:  Could you prepare these 2 Masters ASAP?  Thanks,  Jeff 
 Peter;  Please call me regarding this.  Jeff 
 Steve:  Attached you will find a Gas Agreement for OGE Energy Resources, Inc.  This would also serve as the template for GISB contracts.  Let me know your thoughts.  Jeff 
 This looks good to me.  Jeff 
 Stacey and Ellen:  In light of current circumstances, if a counterparty has both a Master Firm and a GISB, please confirm all firm physical transactions (both telephonic and EOL) under the Master Firm and not the GISB.  Additionally, could one of you provide me a list of EOL counterparties who have a GISB contract listed as their master agreement for EOL.  Thanks,  Jeff 
 Per our discussion. 
 Mercy,  Per our discussion.  Would you send me a copy of the faxed letter?  Thanks,  Jeff 
 For your review. 
 Mark:  I did not want to make a big deal of this at the OGC Meeting, but if a legal transition team is formed, I would like to be considered for membership.  I feel that my strengths are what may be needed on such  a committee.  Thanks,  Jeff 
 Alan:  Obviously, we would be willing to enter into a Master Agreement with Goldman Sachs/J Aron.  At this point in time we would not be willing to enter into a GISB as we would prefer working under the GTCs until the Master is hammered out.  If you can get credit to get us the appropriate information, we can prepare the master.  Jeff 
 Jason:  Here is the transcript of the tape.  Jeff 
 Tanya:  Per our discussion.  Jeff 
 Carlos:  This is the project I was talking about.  Let's get together and talk.  Jeff 
 Ms. Alexander:  At the request of Tanya Rohauer with Enron, I am forwarding you a form Master Netting, Setoff, and Security Agreement together with a Collateral Annex.  I will start preparing specific documents for Williams, but thought this might be a good starting place.  I would appreciate it if you could forward these on to all appropriate parties.  In particular, if I could get the name of your lawyer so that I could forward things directly to him or her, that would be greatly appreciated.  Thanks so much.  Jeff Hodge 713-853-6911 
 Peter:  Attached is as Assignment Agreement that Tenaska Marketing Canada would like to enter to move certain November ENA trades to ECC.  Frankly, this ultimately becomes a payables issue as most of the deliveries have been completed.  I have approved the document and am forwarding it on to credit to handle getting the signatures.  I would appreciate it if you could expedite this when it gets to you.  Thanks,  Jeff 
 Attached is a memo regarding the above-referenced meeting. 
 Per our conversation.  Jeff 
 Attached is a memo regarding the above referenced matter. 
 Attached is a memo regarding the above-referenced matter. 
 Dick:  Does this work for you?  By copy of this note I am asking Dan to call you to verify.  Jeff 
 Paul:  Any progress here.  Jeff    Paul_A_Karns@fpl.com 11/29/2000 03:45 PM 
 Attached is a letter and a GISB Agreement. 
 Judy:  You can use my office on Saturday, December 9 from 9:00 AM to Noon.  My office is EB3878a and the extension is 3-6911.  Jeff Hodge 
 Janette:  This is fine with me.  Can you go ahead and do what is necessary here.  Thanks,  Jeff 
 Jenny:  Per our discussion.  Jeff 
 Attached is a memo regarding the above matter. 
 Steve:  Would it be possible for you to participate by phone?  Jeff    Steve Van Hooser 10/31/2000 10:35 AM 
 Mark:  This falls into your area.  I have spoke to William Kelly and advised that I am forwarding it to you.  Thanks,  Jeff 
 Christi and Diane:  I will also be out on vacation on Thursday and Friday, but I will be back next week.  My secretary will know how to reach me and I will be checking voice mail.  Jeff    Christi L Nicolay 12/13/2000 09:34 AM 
 Michael:  It is circulating.  I really do not have any idea as to time frame.  Jeff    Michael Slade 12/12/2000 09:48 AM 
 Clement:  Attached to the e-mail I am forwarding you will find the Enron Guaranty Agreement that was forwarded to Altrade.  Could you review the comments of Altrade and respond.  Also, I presume that Enron has provided a Guaranty to Altrade for ENA's business.  You may well wish to use that as a starting point.  Thanks,  Jeff 
 Debbie:  My first choice is March 30.  My second choice is March 29.  Thanks,  Jeff 
 Ruth:  In follow-up to our telephone  conversation,  I am confirming that it is my analysis of the purchase agreement between CES and ENA that ENA must refund to CES any transportation refunds it gets relating to the CES transportation contracts that relate to activity prior to January 1, 2000.  Likewise, if there are costs relating to such contracts prior to January 1, 2000, those are the responsibility of CES.  I hope this helps to clarify the situation.  Jeff 
 Mark:  I am not aware of any of these type contracts.  I do know that we are at times suppliers to the types of businesses listed.  Jeff    Mark E Haedicke Sent by: Janette Elbertson 04/11/2001 03:19 PM 
 Jill:  You are right.  Once this is assigned it cannot be used by ENA.  If everyone is fine with that, then there should be no issues.  Jeff    Jill T Zivley/ENRON@enronXgate 04/27/2001 10:54 AM 
 I thought it might be a some help if I distributed a red-lined version of this document prior to tomorrow's meeting.  I hope you find this of some use.  Jeff 
 Nony:  Thanks for the note.  I had caught that, but I apprecate you letting me know.  Jeff    Nony Flores 05/29/2001 06:06 PM 
 Brian:  I had an opportunity to review your draft letter.  My thoughts are as follows:  1.  I am not sure that I would limit yourself to discussions on the price alone.  I might make some reference to discussing potential commercial resolutions to avoid the reopener.  2.  You make a reference in the letter to "GSA".  I do not think that is defined anywhere else and probably needs to be.  Other than that, I am fine with the letter.  I will leave it to Richard to finalize this with you.  Thanks, Jeff      Brian Redmond 11/07/2000 03:07 AM 
 Jim:  I agree.  However, it probably would make some sense to have EWS legal look at any particularly complex pricing structures that may be passed by the EWS desk.  Jeff    James E Keller@EES 05/21/2001 07:03 PM 
 Michelle:  The approach you have outlined is fine with me.  Thanks,  Jeff    Michelle Maynard@EES 06/04/2001 04:59 PM 
 Rick:  Got your e-mail.  Glad to hear from you.  Hope all is well.  Class reunion 2002 would be 30 years.  What do you think we should do?  Jeff    "Rick Carey" <rcarey278@home.com> 06/03/2001 09:43 PM 
 Michelle:  Pursuant to our telephone conversation, I am forwarding you this e-mail.  As I advised we would like to obtain whatever information we can on a labor situation between Midwest Generation and the IBEW in the Chicago area.  Thanks,  Jeff 
 FYI 
 Mark:  Per my voice mail.  Jeff 
 Richard:  I received a delivery failure notice when I tried to forward this to you and the Susman & Godfrey lawyers.  As I do not have their e-mail addresses with me, could you forward this on to them if you think it is necessary.  Thank, Jeff 
 Sheila:  In response to your note of November 1 regarding the above referenced topic, I would like to be sure that the following are included among my reviewers:  Janet Dietrich Ed McMichael Scott Neal Phillip Allen  Thanks, Jeff 
 Here is the e-mail I was talking about.  The document in question is PSEG LOU.  Thanks, Jeff 
 Dan:  Please handle this.  Jeff 
 Attached is the proposed draft of the Initial Position for the Duke matter. Let me know what you think.  Jeff 
 Robert:  The latest draft is attached below.  I still think we should add a reference stating that defined terms are as outlined in the Agreement.  Let me know what you think.  Jeff 
