 I will be out of the office on Friday, Monday and Tuesday for vacation. I will be able to be reached by cell phone if necessary.  Bob 
 Her last name is Smock 
 Jeff, Tim told me to put together a list of inormation we would want from the ISO. As a general rule, we want all information released. Here are some of the highlights:  1.  ETC schedules on each transmission line (both DA and HA). We want to see the ETC schedules at the same time they are submitted to the ISO on the following paths: a. path 15 b. path 26 c. nw1 d. nw3 e. az2 f. az3 g. lc1  2. Actual flows on each path. (real time flows)  3. How many mw's get cut on each path DA? i.e. how many mw's are adjustment bid out of the stack  4. Intrazonal Cong a. What paths have intra-zonal cong b. How many mw's flow, how many get cut on a DA/HA basis  5. BEEP stack  6. All load and generation bids DA by SC  7. Real time production from each plant 
 what is your fax number? 
 Sir, For the month of August, 2000, we will take 50% of our open Block Forward position financial instead of physical. We would like to make this change because we think the elimination of physical risk will benefit us commercially. Thus for bona fide commercial reasons, we will go financial with 50% of our open Block Forward position.  Bob Badeer  Manager West Power Trading Enron North America 
 Mike, The help desk took care of the problem by restoring the file. Thanks anyway.  Bob 
 Fran, Your child like attempts to use the English language at anything above the third grade level is indeed laughable. Not only do you babble, you're spelling is atrocious. Hope your trip is going well.  Bob 
 I somehow created two of the same files that are linked, and I cannot unlink them. The files are xxx4:1 and xxx4:2. I have tried closing the iles and closing excel, but when I re-open xxx4, both the files are re-opened. This is a very important file, so I need help as soon as possible. Thank you.  Bob Badeer  503 464 3926 
 I somehow created 2 of the same file that it linked together. The 2 new files are xxx4:1 and xxx4:2. I dont know how I created this, but I have tried closing the file, exiting excel, but when I re-open the file, both of them open. This is a very important file so I need help as soon as possible. Thank you.  Bob Badeer  503 464 3926 
 Fran, I was with 1st FSSG, 7th Eng. Bn. You can expect to be doged out since you're such a sorry, simple bastard. I'll call you when you get back to the states. My numbers are (w) 503-464-3926    (h) 503 233-6839. Take it easy.   Bob 
 Suzanne, I'm a '97 graduate and interested in recruiting this year. However, I'm out in Portland, so I will be unable to attenfd any meetings in Houston. Let me know how I can help. I would like to go out there when you go. Let me know what our schedule is. Thanks.  Bob Badeer  503 464 3926 
 Fran, What is your phone number?  Bob 
 Mona, What is your phone #?  Bob Badeer 
 Tim, My computer numbers are: ECTPDX-990602 ECTPDX-996829 
 Frank, Please extend my capability to view markets on the EOL website to the maximum limit allowed. I put out and manage long dated products through the stack manager and need to be able to view these products on the website. Thank you.  Bob Badeer 
 www.lexingtonnet.com/tomatoes/creators/index.htm 
 Did you know that Steve Peace starred in and wrote Attack of the Killer Tomatoes? Check it out at www.lexingtonnet.com/tomatoes/creators/index.htm   Bob 
 I would rather see the sox suffer for a few more months 
 I will be out of the office this Thursday and Friday (7-13/14) to attend a congestion reform meeting at the Cal iso in Sacramento. I will be reachable by cell phone if necessary.  Bob 
 Rob, We have the meeting set up for 1:30 pm. See you then.  Bob 
 Thanks Keoni 
 Kim, Have you seen the fax I sent to Amy regarding this deal? It has all the terms and conditions in it. Let me know if you need me to send it to you again. Thanks.  Bob Badeer 
 sue, can you give me the conf. call number and pass code? also, setting up a system to send text messages, let me know your cell and pager numbers. thanks.  bob 
 please look at with coopers graphs 
 Dave, Attached are the bullet points we talked about.  Bob 
 No problem Tom. I'll get it to you today.  Bob 
 sue, lets do 1015, call me bob 
 yes it is 25 mw and we are taking care of it.   Bob 
 Sue, Could you please send me your cell phone number. Thanks.   Bob 
 Melba, The following list of people need acces to see financial products on EOL. 1. Robert Badeer 2. Tim Belden 3. Mike Swerzbin 4. Matt Motley 5. Jeff Richter 6. Sean Crandall 7. Diana Scholtes 8. Tom Alonso 9. Mark Fischer  Please expedite this as we are putting financial products on EOL.  Thanks,  Bob 
 that would be great. thanks  bob 
 Mary, I will be out of town this weekend and therefore unable to attend. Sorry and thanks for the invite. Bob 
 you're the man 
 This guy looks like he would be great on the services desk. But he says he is looking for a position with a company with that is a "progressive generation owner" in the WSCC, we don't fit that mold. It might be a waste of time if we don't have what he's looking for.  Bob 
 Listened in this afternoon. Essentially this is the capacity market that was discussed at the meeting I went to last week. Nothing solved or implemented, lots of arguments and whining.  Bob 
 any day works 
 Monaco, Traders speculate, pure and simple. At least that what I do. The new team in Houston is the Texans. I don't really care who they are. The knicks stink. Talk to you soon.  Badeer 
 thanks Ina 
 Grigs, Ina said it would be on the 5th floor of the new building. Which is right? 
 ok 
 Thanks 
 Monaco, Whats up with you? Great SuperBowl. I hate the Rams, so glad they lost. I'm going down to Houston to work for UBS on the gas trading desk. New commodity for me, should be fun. Looking to get back to NY at some point in the future. I know you'll still be there, stinking up the joint. Anyway, will let you know how things go. Talk to you soon.  Badeer 
 Paul, =09I hope this is the right address. I ran into Kristian and Monica the oth= er day, got Kristian's card, and promptly lost it. I am going solely on my = formidable memory of the address. Sounds like you guys had a bigger freak s= how there than we did here. What an incredible story. Hopefully neither of = us will have to go through that again. I'm out of the office here and headi= ng down to Houston to trade gas. It's west basis, so I should be able to dr= aw on my power knowledge a little bit. Things got a little crazy here, will= have to tell you more over several beers, I think that is the minimum it w= ill take. Erica is excited for a change, although Houston is not her first = choice, she's a trooper and will find fun things to do. How is Sarah doing?= I hope she and the baby have made it through all the changes. There is a w= oman here who I think would be interested in coming to London. She is young= (only 23) but has raw talent. She started here last summer working in the = California book. Let me know if you could use a hand, as I said, she has ra= w talent and drive. Thats all from here. Stay in touch and say hello to Sar= ah.=20  Bob  ps my home email: rbadeer@msn.com 
