 Gary,  Please resend the above report to me on April 12th. I am travelling and the size of the report is giving me difficulties replicating my e-mail.  Thanks,  Paul 
 Harib,  Attached is the latest update for the DPC project. A printed copy of project photos is being forwarded to you seperately. If you have any questions, please feel free to call me at 713 345-5855.  Best Regards,  Paul 
  Audrey,  All of my time was normal time.  Thanks,  Paul 
  Walt,  EOG currently has three producing wells in Lipscomb Co., BLK 43, Sections 186 and 255. According to EOG, they are flowing ~2300 MCFD into our 12" line through Duke's interconnect in Section 186. EOG has recently completed a well in Section 253 (possibly 2000-5000 MCFD) and has plans to drill at least one more well. They are considering having their own tap into our line, probably in Section 255.  I am interested in knowing whether or not there are any other pipelines nearby that they could use to sell their gas.  Also, I spoke with Perry Frazier and I am thinking we would do the tap, install a valve and EFM. EOG would install the rest of the equipment. What are you thoughts?  Thanks,  Paul 
  Perry,  Walt is saying the field would just tap the line and install a block valve. Can you talk to Sammie Williams and make sure that you both agree regarding the EFM.  Thanks,  Paul 
  Susan,  Thank you for your bid for transportation capacity on Transwestern. We are in the process of evaluating your proposal. I will call you on Monday before noon.  I hope your weekend is great!  Paul 
  FYI - see attached 
  This meeting will provide an update on the work that I have been doing regarding Price Spreads and Available Capacity in the future.  Paul 
  Kim & Lindy,  TK and I may be calling one or both of you to get this posted this week. I can be reached on my cellular at 713 825-8046.  Paul 
 Rajesh,  Clay and Wayne and I talked today and agreed that Conditions of Use agreements for Dabhol, Oman, and possibly Abu Dhabi would be a good starting point. Let's talk with Clay tomorrow morning Houston time. Are you in the Enron office in Dubai?  Paul 
  per your request 
  Elizabeth,  The original delivery points for these contracts were:  25841		40,000/d to Topock  26511		21,000/d to Needles   TK tells me that now the delivery points are:  25841		29,000/d to Topock 11,000/d to Needles  26511		11,000/d to Topock 10,000/d to Needles  Can you tell me if this is correct? If yes, will these delivery points and volumes be in effect until the end of the contract? Can they be changed again? Do we have paperwork documenting the change?  Craig Buehler told me that Dennis Lee x-3-7115 could be of assistance. Could you speak with him?  I will be out for the rest of the week. Please call me at 713 825-8046 when you figure this out.  Many Thanks,  Paul 
  Steve,  Per my note, the attached is electronic form of data requested.  Paul 
 Barbara,  I noticed the same thing and asked Laura to investigate. I am out of the office but will return on Monday. We'll straighten it out then.  Talk to you soon,  Paul 
  TK,  FYI 
  Please have a look at this and see if you spot anything that needs to be added. I'd like to add our gas quality specs and equipment specs mentioned in Sect. 3.3.  Next I want to circulate to engineering and operations for comment.  Thanks,  Paul 
 Audrey,  I only had regular time.  Thanks,  Paul 
 Javier,  Do you know anyone that might be interested in this?  Paul 
 Edan,  Thanks!!!! I didn't realize that you were still in Hong Kong. How's life??? Are you married? I can't remember.  Married life is good. Different but good.  Paul 
  FYI 
  Maggie,  Attached is my completed security request form for access to TW's CAS.  Thanks,  Paul 
 Barbara,  Transwestern Pipeline Company consents to disclosure of the discount rate for FTS-1 Agreement No. 27606 to the New Mexico Public Regulation Commission. For our files, please FAX a copy of the Confidentiality Agreement between PNM and the NMPRC to me at (713) 646-4095.  Thanks,  Paul Y'Barbo 
  Scott,  See the attached document.  I do not propose any language at this time to cover the eventuality of Children (except for what is in the Will). Any changes that would be needed to my beneficiary designations for the two Brown & Company accounts and the Enron insurance benefits will simply be made as and when needed.  Thanks,  Paul 
  Perry,  Please review attached document and let's discuss. You can make revisions to this document and return to me.  Thanks,  Paul 
 Alton,  Thanks for the concern. Fortunately, I transferred to one of Enron's pipeline companies in mid-September (just before things started getting really crazy). This is the most stable part of the company and we will survive no matter what ... although we may be owned by someone other than Enron. I was also fortunate to have very little Enron stock exposure. Many of my friends have not been so fortunate. They are losing their jobs plus they've lost most of their net worth.  Andersen is tight lipped because their butts are on the line also. I don't understand how they could have allowed Enron to guarantee so much debt and then keep it off-balance sheet.  Are you all going to Port Neches for Thanksgiving? Renee and I are going tonight. I hope that you all have a very nice Thanksgiving and Christmas.  Many Happy Returns,  Paul 
  Lorraine,  Laura has re-invoiced PNM and we should be in agreement now.  Thanks,  Paul 
  Suzanne,  Final pricing for the subject cargo is dependent on Nov-Jan LPG prices. A provisional amount is due today. Please base the provisional amount on a Nov MB price of 35-cents, Dec and Jan MB prices of 32.5-cents. These prices reflect the current market.  Thanks,  Paul 
 Suzanne,  I calculate a total amount due of $1,839,120.46. That is:  932,967 gallons @ $0.46396 1,625,526 gallons @ $0.41700 1,679,706 gallons @ $0.39200 178,500 gallons @ $0.39200  Total	4,416,699 gallons @ $0.416402 average price.  Please confirm.  Thanks,  Paul 
 The attached spreadsheet allows you to easily calculate Eco's year-end LNG inventory for a variety of cases that vary dispatch rate, # days of outage for CT1, and number of cargoes diverted between now and year-end. Simply enter your assumption for number of days of CT1 outage in cell A16 and the number of cargoes you want to divert in cell A23. The year-end inventory is automatically calculated. A negative number means that you require more LNG than you are entitled to receive.  Assuming that you want the LNG tank full at year-end:  1. Eco will be able to receive 100% of the remaining 6 cargoes if the CT1 outage is 60 days or less  2. 175 days of CT1 outage are required to result in Eco being able to divert 1 cargo and still have a full tank at year-end  3. a 60-175 day outage for CT1 results in surplus LNG but whether or not it is enough to market depends on how much the outage exceeds 60 days  The above figures assume a 76% dispatch and 95% availability on days that Eco is not assumed to be in an outage.   Paul 
 Based on today's closing NYMEX prices there is $1.9 MM of price difference between EcoElectrica's 2002 Winter Cargo Commodity Charge plus Commodity Surcharge and the delivered cost of 83,000 CBM of LNG. That is $5.61 vs $4.61. This assumes we pay a day rate of $50,000/day for the vessel, Jan '02 NYMEX is $5.41, and the FOB price for LNG is $2.66.  Let's stay in touch about the possibilty of landing a spot cargo into Puerto Rico in January. As we discussed, how we play this with Cabot is a big issue. There could be an additional $4.7 MM of value that could be captured by Eco if Cabot were unable to release its right to not deliver a Winter Cargo. Also, let's continue to think about how we make the logistics work and how we can get Cabot's cooperation if needed.  Also, note that Eco may need 2 cargoes of this size to make it until the Early Spring Cargo.   Paul 
 Rajesh,  I read through all of Todd's e-mails regarding COU's and they all had to do with EcoElectrica. None of them contained a draft document. Let's talk to Clay on Monday and get him to update us on Dan's efforts and forward a draft document if he has one.  Regards,  Paul 
 Meg,  I am using the cellular phone mentioned in your note. My Company Number is 1105 and my RC is 120588.  Regards,  Paul 
 Clay,  I see that the NYMEX is off another 16-cents today. Do you have a feel for what Henry Hub price causes LNG to stop moving to Lake Charles?  Paul 
 Rajesh,  I left a message with Dan Rogers regarding the availability of a COU in draft form. I have a hard copy of a COU that I believe came from OLNG. I can fax it to you tomorrow. Is your fax still 91-22-2881793?  Regards,  Paul 
 Today is good. What time? How about 12 noon?  Paul 
 Telvy,  All of my time was "regular" time.  Thanks,  Paul 
 Thanks!!! 
 Perfect. I'll meet you near the fountain but in front of my building. 
 ED,  I'm sure that you already knew this but FYI.  Paul 
 I'm available on Monday. Thanks! 
 Have a great holiday. 
 Well, actually I see it as finally finding someone that could appreciate those ideosyncracies and recognizing them as the gems they are. Ha Ha!!  I'm involved in Enron's LNG business. My focus is fuel management for two power projects - EcoElectrica (Puerto Rico) and Dabhol (India). India is nothing but problems as you may have heard.  Great to hear from you and know you are alive and well.  Stay in Touch,  Paul 
 Axel,  I tried to phone you at your office and your cellular but could not reach you. Please e-mail me with your new contact numbers.  I hope that you are doing well and enjoying your new role.  Regards,  Paul 
 Tuesday, May 8th is fine 
 If the last Hoegh Galleon cargo of this year is diverted to Puerto Rico, the economics of sending non-Cabot LNG to Puerto Rico are different than those mentioned in my prior note.  Based on current prices, there is $0.7 MM of value that could be captured between Enron LNG and Eco on the diversion. This represents the price difference between what it would cost to buy back our sale to ENA at CMS and what Eco would have had to pay Cabot for a Winter Cargo. If CMS would let us out of the terminal fee or let it apply to a future delivery, that would add an additional $1 MM of value. If Cabot had to give up its Demand Charge and Demand Surcharge (hard to imagine) on the Winter Cargo, that adds another $4.7 MM.  A second Hoegh Galleon cargo should add $1.5 MM but would need to be sourced from Nigeria or Algeria(???).  Cabot controls the date of the Last Cargo delivered in 2001. It can be November 23-December 15 (unless another date is mutually agreeable). The date of this last delivery determines the earliest date that Eco would be able to receive the Hoegh Galleon. The earliest that Eco could receive the Hoegh Galleon should therefore be between December 20 and January 11 - depends on Cabot.  Eco would be able to receive a second Hoegh Galleon cargo as soon as 29 days after the first Hoegh Galleon cargo delivery or as late as 45 days after. Two Hoegh Galleon cargoes should give Eco enough fuel (barely) to get them to the dates where they are eligible to receive the Early Spring cargo (100 days after the Last Cargo of 2001).  In addition to the $$$'s available to be captured, this program removes Eco's risk of not receiving a Winter Cargo from Cabot.  Economics and Timing -  The amount of value to be captured is most heavily influenced by December-January NYMEX prices. These impact our cost to buy back gas at the CMS tailgate and our cost to buy the second Hoegh Galleon cargo. Our gas cost is more subject to change than is the Cabot contract price we are trying to beat. If we had a crystal ball, we would lock-in the economics of the diversion and of the purchase of the second cargo when the NYMEX bottoms-out. The front of the price curve has lost ~$1.00/MMBtu in the last 2 weeks. Where will it go from here?  In order to be prepared to execute when market conditions are right, we need to get Eco on board and initiate discussions with a producer about supply for the second cargo. Also, we should talk with Gene Massey to confirm that the contract says what we think it says and to get his thoughts on what we are trying to do.  I would appreciate any insights that you may have regarding this opportunity.  Regards,  Paul 
 Tushar,  Please see the attached doc. Call me to discuss 5-5855.  Thanks,  Paul 
 If we worked out a price structure similar to the last cargo, we could eliminate the price risk by paying the following for the LPG:  1400 MT at a Fixed Price (represents amount borrowed that went to April sales) 2900 MT based on May Mont Belvieu plus Premium 1 2800 MT based on June Mont Belvieu plus Premium 2 and 2900 MT based on July Mont Belvieu plus Premium 3  The Fixed Price for 1400 MT and the Premiums 1,2, and 3 are under discussion with Suzanne. This structure matches the cost of product with ProCaribe's sales revenue.  Question: How does ProCaribe get paid for the 15 days of product that goes with the Progasco sale?  Paul 
 Oscar,  Per our conversation, the following are the fuel management team's assumptions of fuel requirements for Eco at 100% of capacity:  LNG   91,260 MMBtu/day at 507 MW    Heat Rate = 7500 BTU/kwh  LPG   1905 Metric Tons at 507 MW     Heat Rate = 7461 BTU/kwh    (Note: 522 gallons/MT   ,   91,300 Btu/gallon)  No.2   619,000 gallons/day at 465 MW   Heat Rate = 7313 BTU/kwh    (Note: 131,850 Btu/gallon)   Heat rates at less than 100% of capacity will be different from those at 100%. Check with Rick or Arthur regarding performance curves.  Call me if you have any additional questions.   Regards,  Paul 
 Wayne,  I'd like to discuss this further with you. Primarily, does this make me "officially" Dan's supervisor? I can see some pluses to that arrangement.  Paul 
 Shubh,  How are you doing through all of the uncertainty associated with DPC these days? Are we still waiting for the lenders to decide whether or not they will continue funding the project? What is the MSEB's current position?  I'll give you a call Wednesday morning (Mumbai time).  Best Regards,  Paul 
 Rajesh,  Have you been able to get a draft COU agreement from Clay?  How is your move coming?   Paul 
 OK with me. 
 Jaime,  Have you tried Gus Luna or Debbie Keller with Edison Mission? Gus was handling the actual transactions. I kept my own calculations of the settlement amounts but Gus should have copies of the settlement invoices from Enron.  Paul 
 Jimmy,  Shubh Shrivastava suggested that I contact you regarding getting on the distribution list for news articles relating to the DPC project. I work for Wayne Perry in Houston in the LNG group. We will be performing the services under the Fuel Management Agreement. I am, of course, very interested in reading what the Indian press is printing about the current state of the project.  Thanks,  Paul 
 Kathleen,  Congratulations,  This is truly great news. I am so happy for you. Remember all of the little people when you are hugely famous.  Love,  Paul 
 Mauricio,  Please change my FAX number to 713 646-6560.  Thanks,  Paul 
  Tushar,  Are you on the distribution list for these news clips?  Paul 
 Tushar,  I only know what I read in the press. Sounds like they want to give the govt a little more time to come to their senses.  Paul 
 Sunita,  Please see my changes in attached doc.  Thanks,  Paul 
  OSCAR & MARICELIS,  PLEASE REPLY TO ME IF YOU RECEIVE THIS MESSAGE.  THANKS,  PAUL  HAVE A GREAT AFTERNOON 
 YOU ARE DUMM 
  Ernesto,  Below is a discussion of some of the key contractual issues surrounding the 2002 Winter Cargo. You may also want to review the contract to gain an understanding of how the delivery dates are set for the Last Cargo of 2001, the 2002 Winter Cargo, and the 2002 Early Spring Cargo.  We can discuss this opportunity for Eco in a few days after you have had a chance to familiarize yourself with the issues.  Regards,  Paul 
  How do your calendars look June 7-15 for meeting with the guys from OLNG? They are interested in a visit to CMS. Possibly they could be there for the Hoegh Galleon unloading.  Please let me know your date preferences and the names of anyone else that should attend the meetings.  Paul 
  Please see attached spreadsheet that we can discuss later.   Paul 
 Maricely,  Finally I received your e-mail from 2 days ago plus this one. I am glad to see that things are working now.  Thank you for bringing this problem to a resolution.  Take Care,  Paul 
 Dana,  It is very nice to hear from you. You are in Dallas, right? How is your family?  Well ...  yes I am living in Houston again. I still work for Enron ... I just returned from a business trip to the Middle East and India ... it was interesting but too long.  Guess what ... I got married on March 17th. Guess to whom ... Renee Freyou from Port Neches. Can you believe it!!!  You can call me toll free at my office  1-800-973-6766,  Press 1 to transfer to an extension, Press 55855 for my extension.  It will be great to talk to you. I hope that you are doing very well.  Paul 
  FYI - looks like PREPA is not dispatching us at an optimal rate from their perspective 
  Rajesh,  Are you coordinating your efforts with Shubh?  Paul 
  Sunita,  Please see my attached revisions.  Thanks,  Paul 
  Mauricio,  Please change my Home number to 713 812-7158 and my FAX number to the number given in the note below.  Thanks,  Paul 
  Yaqoob,  I hope that all is well with you. I have made some changes to your document. Pardon me for the fact that I cannot seem to draw in the lines as well as you. Therefore, I left them out. I hope that this information will be helpful to you. Note that Rick B. and Eric G. are at an equal level in the organization. They jointly manage the group. Call me if you wish to discuss this or anything.  Best Regards,  Paul 
 Shubh,  The only publication that I have been getting is World Gas Intelligence published by Energy Intelligence Group. I can FAX you my latest copy if you are interested. Also, they have a web site:  www.energyintel.com  Poten & Partners' main number in New York is 212 230-2000. Also, there is a sample issue of LNG in World Markets at www.poten.com. I spoke with Lizette Valentin (Poten) and she says the lowest cost way for you to get the publication is to be added on to Clay Harris's subscription for $500/year. Lizette's number is 212 230-2086. The website also has the form that you need to fill out to get added on to Clay's subscription.  Call me and we can look at the website together.  I am also anxious to get some news regarding the lenders' meeting in Singapore.  Take Care,  Paul 
  Shubh,  When you get to the Poten Home Page, do the following:  click		"click here to continue" point to		"services" click 		"LNG" click		"Reports & Analysis" click		"Order" click		"LNG in World Markets" print the form that comes up  Let me know if you need anything further.  Paul 
  Please see attached resume. Also, note that my current salary is $110,000 per year (not including bonuses).  Thanks,  Paul 
  Gene,  I have a methodology that gives me the answer with 3 uses of the balance 50% of the time but requires 4 uses of the balance the other 50% of the time. Are you sure this can be done????  For my first use of the scales, I place a total of 6 balls on the scales (3 on each side). If they balance, then none of the six balls on the scales is the odd ball. If they do not balance, then none of the six balls that were left off of the scales is the odd ball. Thus, I have reduced the possible suspects to 6 after one use of the scales.  Is this the right starting point???  Second, I place three balls that have been eliminated as suspects on one side of the scales and three balls that are still possibles on the other. Two outcomes:  1. If the scales do not balance, I know that one of the three suspects on the scales is the odd ball and I know whether it is heavier or lighter than the others. I can determine which is the odd ball on the third use of the scales by placing only one remaining suspect on each side of the scales. If they balance, then the suspect left off is the odd ball. If they do not balance, I know which one is odd because I already know whether the odd ball is heavier or lighter.  2. If the scales balance on my second use of the scales, then I have three remaining suspects (the balls left off the scales) but do not know whether the odd ball is heavier or lighter. I cannot figure out how to determine both the heavier/lighter question plus identify the odd ball in just one more use of the scales. I need two more uses.  Am I close at all????   I hope that you had a good trip back. Stay in touch.  Paul 
  Roberto,  See attached. Let's discuss.   Paul 
  Sunita,  Hello. I hope that you are doing well. Take Care.  Paul 
  Lindy,  I hope this is what you need.   Paul 
  The U.S. needs to establish a very, very strong ground troop presence in Afghanistan as soon as possible. Until we accomplish this, we will not win over the Afghan people who would like to be rid of the Taliban. As of today, defection is very risky and maybe almost impossible. We need bases of operation in more than one area of the country. The logistics of feeding and sheltering and supplying these troops may be difficult but not impossible. The Afghan people need our support on the ground if they are going to rise up against the Taliban.  We are currently losing the media war. If our ground troops were hailed as liberators by the Afghan people and that was broadcast all over the world, we would start winning the war of words.  We must control ground very soon. There will be casualties on our side and the American people must prepare themselves mentally. We are fighting a ruthless, brutal enemy. Our resolve must increase, not diminish, when images of our casualties begin to come across our television screens. We must take down the Taliban and Bin Laden and other terrorists around the globe or face more attacks and loss of life in the United States.  Paul  Houston, TX 
  FYI 
  Victoria,  Efrain Lopez is no longer with EcoElectrica. Send them to the attention of Oscar Cedeno at the address below.  Have a great weekend!!!  Paul 
  Steve,  Just follow the instructions at the bottom of this e-mail.  Paul 
  Fran,  Please be advised that my marital status has changed. I was married on March 17, 2001.  Also, my ID is p00504954.  Thanks,  Paul 
 FYI 
  Federico,  Go to the website that is noted at the bottom of this e-mail. You can kill Osama as many times as you want.  Paul 
 Krishna,  I modified the file you sent to me (see attached). For OPT TYPE, what is the code for a Call? for a Put?  How does this modified model look? The data is monthly prices. I changed the formula for Vol. Did I get it right?  Paul 
 Krishna,  Do you mean the /Research/Exotica/xll directory? Is the exotica1.xll addin the same as the exotica.xll addin?  Paul 
  Krishna,  Please see attached data on the pages named "MO IND DATA" and "Basis Forwards". I am interested in understanding the math associated with valuing calls and puts on the spread between the index points. Also, do you have an option pricing model that I could have? My office number is 5-4173.  Thanks,  Paul  P.S. Do you recall the work that you did for Kim Watson in the past? 
 Audrey,  I had 100% regular time.  Thanks 
  Maricely,  In the attached file, there is a list of the LPG cargoes from Dynegy. I am trying to confirm that EcoElectrica has received each cargo's Bill of Lading. They should have been received in the last few months.  Thanks,  Paul 
  Suzanne,  Please see attached. We still need to see what prices do for the remainder of the month before we finalise the pricing tied to Nov-Jan.  Thanks,  Paul 
  FYI 
 Thanks Lorraine. 
 Khristina,  I am not the person that you need to speak with. Try Larry Boe at 6-7583.  Paul 
  I will be attending.  Paul 
 Thanks Suzanne. Elio is aware of your concern regarding damage to relations with PDVSA at this critical time.  Paul 
  Elio,  Wednesday at 10 AM is fine with me. Please inform Mariella and Ermes.  Thanks,  Paul 
  Janice,  Will the electronic pay stubs be e-mailed to us or do we have to view them at a website?  Wil they be in an Excel spreadsheet or something similar so that we can do calculattions on them and save to a file of our own if we want?  Thanks,  Paul 
  Ermes,  Per Mariella's request, you now have an EOL guest account. I am trying to set up a time with Mariella and Elio to show you all how to get the quotes you want.  Paul 
  Elio,  Per Mariella's request, you now have an EOL guest account. We need to set up a time for me to show you all how to get the quotes you want.  Paul 
  Mariella,  Here is your EOL info. Let's discuss getting quotes when you have time.  Paul 
 Audrey,  I am available either day.  Paul 
  Mariella,  You are much better at this than you think. Anytime you have an idea that you'd like me to consider or any questions, feel free to bring me into the loop.  Did you notice in your e-mail that you now have an EnronOnline ID and Password? I can show you how to access it and find the quotes you need when you are ready.  Paul  P.S. Have a great weekend!!! 
  My FAX is 713 646-2551. Thanks 
 Jassem,  Attached is the latest update for the DPC project. A printed copy of project photos is being forwarded to you seperately. If you have any questions, please feel free to call me at 713 345-5855.  Best Regards,  Paul 
  Audrey,  Please see the attached docs and send out. Also, note the cc: 's.  Thanks,  Paul 
 Audrey,  Do you have a specific format that you would like me to use?  Paul 
 Audrey,  I do plan to attend.  Thanks,  Paul 
 Jassem,  Attached is the latest update for the DPC project. A printed copy of the attached document with photos is being forwarded to you seperately. I will be responsible for sending you the monthly updates in the future. Also, I am planning a trip to the Middle East at the end of March and the beginning of April. I hope to meet with you at that time. If you have any questions, please feel free to call me at 713 345-5855.  Best Regards,  Paul 
 Based on today's closing NYMEX prices there is $1.9 MM of price difference between EcoElectrica's 2002 Winter Cargo Commodity Charge plus Commodity Surcharge and the delivered cost of 83,000 CBM of LNG. That is $5.61 vs $4.61. This assumes we pay a day rate of $50,000/day for the vessel, Jan '02 NYMEX is $5.41, and the FOB price for LNG is $2.66.  Let's stay in touch about the possibilty of landing a spot cargo into Puerto Rico in January. As we discussed, how we play this with Cabot is a big issue. There could be an additional $4.7 MM of value that could be captured by Eco if Cabot were unable to release its right to not deliver a Winter Cargo. Also, let's continue to think about how we make the logistics work and how we can get Cabot's cooperation if needed.  Also, note that Eco may need 2 cargoes of this size to make it until the Early Spring Cargo.   Paul 
 If the last Hoegh Galleon cargo of this year is diverted to Puerto Rico, the economics of sending non-Cabot LNG to Puerto Rico are different than those mentioned in my prior note.  Based on current prices, there is $0.7 MM of value that could be captured between Enron LNG and Eco on the diversion. This represents the price difference between what it would cost to buy back our sale to ENA at CMS and what Eco would have had to pay Cabot for a Winter Cargo. If CMS would let us out of the terminal fee or let it apply to a future delivery, that would add an additional $1 MM of value. If Cabot had to give up its Demand Charge and Demand Surcharge (hard to imagine) on the Winter Cargo, that adds another $4.7 MM.  A second Hoegh Galleon cargo should add $1.5 MM but would need to be sourced from Nigeria or Algeria(???).  Cabot controls the date of the Last Cargo delivered in 2001. It can be November 23-December 15 (unless another date is mutually agreeable). The date of this last delivery determines the earliest date that Eco would be able to receive the Hoegh Galleon. The earliest that Eco could receive the Hoegh Galleon should therefore be between December 20 and January 11 - depends on Cabot.  Eco would be able to receive a second Hoegh Galleon cargo as soon as 29 days after the first Hoegh Galleon cargo delivery or as late as 45 days after. Two Hoegh Galleon cargoes should give Eco enough fuel (barely) to get them to the dates where they are eligible to receive the Early Spring cargo (100 days after the Last Cargo of 2001).  In addition to the $$$'s available to be captured, this program removes Eco's risk of not receiving a Winter Cargo from Cabot.  Economics and Timing -  The amount of value to be captured is most heavily influenced by December-January NYMEX prices. These impact our cost to buy back gas at the CMS tailgate and our cost to buy the second Hoegh Galleon cargo. Our gas cost is more subject to change than is the Cabot contract price we are trying to beat. If we had a crystal ball, we would lock-in the economics of the diversion and of the purchase of the second cargo when the NYMEX bottoms-out. The front of the price curve has lost ~$1.00/MMBtu in the last 2 weeks. Where will it go from here?  In order to be prepared to execute when market conditions are right, we need to get Eco on board and initiate discussions with a producer about supply for the second cargo. Also, we should talk with Gene Massey to confirm that the contract says what we think it says and to get his thoughts on what we are trying to do.  I would appreciate any insights that you may have regarding this opportunity.  Regards,  Paul 
 If we worked out a price structure similar to the last cargo, we could eliminate the price risk by paying the following for the LPG:  1400 MT at a Fixed Price (represents amount borrowed that went to April sales) 2900 MT based on May Mont Belvieu plus Premium 1 2800 MT based on June Mont Belvieu plus Premium 2 and 2900 MT based on July Mont Belvieu plus Premium 3  The Fixed Price for 1400 MT and the Premiums 1,2, and 3 are under discussion with Suzanne. This structure matches the cost of product with ProCaribe's sales revenue.  Question: How does ProCaribe get paid for the 15 days of product that goes with the Progasco sale?  Paul 
 Oscar,  Per our conversation, the following are the fuel management team's assumptions of fuel requirements for Eco at 100% of capacity:  LNG   91,260 MMBtu/day at 507 MW    Heat Rate = 7500 BTU/kwh  LPG   1905 Metric Tons at 507 MW     Heat Rate = 7461 BTU/kwh    (Note: 522 gallons/MT   ,   91,300 Btu/gallon)  No.2   619,000 gallons/day at 465 MW   Heat Rate = 7313 BTU/kwh    (Note: 131,850 Btu/gallon)   Heat rates at less than 100% of capacity will be different from those at 100%. Check with Rick or Arthur regarding performance curves.  Call me if you have any additional questions.   Regards,  Paul 
 Harib,  Attached is the latest update for the DPC project. A printed copy of the attached document with photos is being forwarded to you seperately. I will be responsible for sending you the monthly updates in the future. Also, I am planning a trip to the Middle East at the end of March and the beginning of April. I hope to meet with you at that time. If you have any questions, please feel free to call me at 713 345-5855.  Best Regards,  Paul 
 Jassem,  Attached is the latest update for the DPC project. A printed copy of project photos is being forwarded to you seperately. If you have any questions, please feel free to call me at 713 345-5855.  Best Regards,  Paul 
 Harib,  Attached is the latest update for the DPC project. A printed copy of project photos is being forwarded to you seperately. If you have any questions, please feel free to call me at 713 345-5855.  Best Regards,  Paul 
 Oscar,  Please also provide updates of No.2 and LPG inventories.  Paul 
 Sounds like a great trip.  I'm going to have to work on Renee about diving. Masks (anything around her face) make her claustrophobic (spelling???). She can wear a ski mask, however, so she can probably get used to a scuba mask.  Have a great time.  Paul 
 Jassem,  Attached is the latest update for the DPC project. A printed copy of project photos is being forwarded to you seperately. If you have any questions, please feel free to call me at 713 345-5855.  Best Regards,  Paul 
 The attached spreadsheet allows you to easily calculate Eco's year-end LNG inventory for a variety of cases that vary dispatch rate, # days of outage for CT1, and number of cargoes diverted between now and year-end. Simply enter your assumption for number of days of CT1 outage in cell A16 and the number of cargoes you want to divert in cell A23. The year-end inventory is automatically calculated. A negative number means that you require more LNG than you are entitled to receive.  Assuming that you want the LNG tank full at year-end:  1. Eco will be able to receive 100% of the remaining 6 cargoes if the CT1 outage is 60 days or less  2. 175 days of CT1 outage are required to result in Eco being able to divert 1 cargo and still have a full tank at year-end  3. a 60-175 day outage for CT1 results in surplus LNG but whether or not it is enough to market depends on how much the outage exceeds 60 days  The above figures assume a 76% dispatch and 95% availability on days that Eco is not assumed to be in an outage.   Paul 
