 Thanks for the info. 
 Congratulations !  Keep up the good work. 
 Phase IV volumes will be FTS-2 rate schedule and will be company 536 (just like Phase III).  Phase V will also be company 536. 
 Message received.  Thanks!   --   Teb 
 Thank you for all of the help and inspiration you have given us these many years.  I will miss you very much but am very happy for your new opportunity - it is well deserved.  (My now ex-wife) Sandy was very grateful for the help you gave her, and still asks about you when the subject of the Body Shop comes up.  Where is your new fitness center?  We may have to come by and check it out.  God bless you each day.  Keep your positive attitude and you will be blessed. 
 Keri - I would like to add my nephew, of whom I have legal custody, to my membership at the Met - or Downtown Club.  His name is Michael Anthony Orona.  He is 17 years old, and will turn 18 next Wednesday, January 31.  (He was born 1/31/83.)  As I stated, I have legal custody of Anthony, I am raising him as if he were my son, and he is included in all of my Enron benefits.  I have papers from a court of law awarding me custody, with the full consent of both of his parents who are unable to care for him.  His address is the same as mine - 507 Welch, Houston, TX 77006.  He is a senior at Lamar High School and very active in school and extracurricular activities - including sports.  I hope the rules will permit Anthony's addition to my membership as I have been raising him as a son for several years.  Please call me at 713-853-6868 if you have any questions or require additional information.  Thank you for your consideration.  Walter Teb Lokey Member No. EN 345 
 I have reserved 39C1 from 10:00 - 11:00 Friday, January 26 to discuss our strategy and assignments for the operating committee meeting now tentatively scheduled for Wednesday, February 21 in Orlando.  Please advise if this time does not work for you. 
 Sam:  Attached is the 2001 Operating Committee List. 
 I approve my attendance in Outlook-945 Outlook.  -  Teb Lokey 
 I approve Debbie Thompson's attendance at Outlook-946 Outlook class.  -  Teb Lokey 
 I'll be there and so will Blair. 
 The contract with ECS provides that if we exceed 21000 hp  we must pay additional amounts to ECS, thus negating the benefit of the fixed price quoted in the contract.  The incremental charges are applicable if we exceed the 21000 hp limit even once in a month. 
 Sure, if you and laura can leave by about 11:15  we can be back before 1:00.  Let me know if that works for both of you.    Nancy Carpenter 
 If it would work better for you all, we could get together for lunch/dinner and a tattoo on Saturday, or the weekend after the race.  Let me know. 
 Sounds great, but we may not have time for the tattoos. 
 Sharon, attached is the Compressor Station 27 Options memo.  Please call to discuss. 
 Congratulations again - she's beautiful! 
 Congratulations!  Well deserved. 
 Freezing out employee options during this period is probably the best way to further demoralize the workforce.  Are the benefits to Enron (and its related parties) worth the increased employee distrust of management that will result from this action? 
 Looks great to me. 
 Thanks, I needed that. 
 Lets wait till Monday to send to Toby.  Looks like it should be in both critical notices and balancing section. 
 If Chattahoochee converted all of their SFTS  to FTS-1 for the purpose of release, there is no problem with a gap.  If they still hold any SFTS,  they cannot have FTS-1 capacity at the same time, even for 1 month. 
 Zelda - I will bring you markups to the attachment. 
 We will be making this filing shortly. 
 Yes. 
 How about tomorrow sometime? 
 Yes. 
 See you at 2:30 Thursday. 
 The only thing I noticed was in the "Notices" section for administrative matters - we reference Market Services instead of Gas Logistics. 
 Looks fine to me. 
 We need to use FGT's filing as a guide to determine which parts of TW's tariff need to be changed.  Debbie,  Can you work with Jeanette and Bill Rapp to see what needs to be done?  Thanks,  Teb 
 Looks good. 
 Happy day. 
 Looks good to me. 
 Is this an improvement over their previous counteroffer? 
 No problem. 
 We can charge directly but still need some guidance.  For example, it is my understanding that there are 4 WO set up for Red Rock - one for each station to be modified.  Our work is of a general nature, so do we have to further subdivide our charges to each of the stations, or to three of the stations.  Also, some of our time is spent on a general analysis of regulatory strategy involving all capital projects, and it seems like the overhead WO would be appropriate for these charges.  We don't necessarily want to have to have each person charge to 3 or 4 WO for each identifiable capital project and then to 10 or more WO for our general work.  Any specific suggestions, WO numbers, etc. ? 
 I will be out Wed. 
 Were we going to meet today to talk about the meeting with Stan? 
 Rob is out and I don't know if he isavailable on the cell.  He is with Alexander in Florida.  I think we need to meet this pm. 
 I've been out since last Tuesday and don't know any more than I see in the e-mails.  Can we meet before of after the floor meeting? 
 Both are good for me. 
 No problem.  Still haven't gotten down to the original invitation. 
 Today's Inside FERC has a story indicating that the report for January business, to be filed March 1, will be the last report required (unless and until something else happens)?  Has anyone seen anything official on this? 
 I'll be there. 
 Happy Valentines Day to you!!!  (I had forgotten today was V-Day --  too much going on here.)  Hope you have a great day!  Love, Teb 
 I have a meeting on segmenting from 10 - 11:30 on Tuesday.  I'm available Tuesday pm. 
 I have no questions.  Frazier,  Steve Veatch is over reporting so he should probably go instead of me anyway. 
 Rob will give you minor changes.  Pleas make the changes and forward to Kevin Howard with copies to Jeanette, Rob and me.  Thanks! - Teb 
 Kevin - I made changes to the document.  I hope they were saved.  I am putting a copy in your office also. -  Teb 
 Kevin - We estimate the rate base at the end of 2002 (including Red Rock and other 2002 cap ex) of about $550 million.  I don't have 2001 rate base but can get it if necessary.  Please advise.  -  Teb 
 Please pay the  $2154.18 invoice from Platts and charge it to the balancing tools account.  This expense was incurred because of changes to our cash out pricing recently approved by the FERC.  FGT's customers felt that Gas Daily's indices were more representative of the pricing into FGT's system than the weekly indices published in Natural Gas Week and we had to incur additional expense to secure Platt's permission to post certain data on our web site. 
 Thanks. 
 Thanks. 
 Thanks! 
 Good plan. 
 Very funny. 
 I think we need to update tariff sheets explaining the contract has terminated. 
 ? 
 Please plan to attend also.  It involves transactional reporting. 
 We're still refining the post-Red Rock regulatory rate base and won't know the offset until sometime tomorrow pm.  The same theory would apply to TW - if you don't collect a tax component, you would not have a rate base reduction for deferred taxes.  We should know by Friday morning what the net impact of eliminating the tax component and deferred taxes has on TW's rates.  I'm still not sure the tax component should be eliminated - Hope to understand more after Monday's meeting with tax. 
 It looks like we decide on a case by case basis whether to process pre-4/97 ppas. 
 Great! Now get off your Blackberry and get back to having fun! 
 Either other day is ok. 
 Did you make an appointment? 
 Let me know how it goes. 
 We thought he worked for us. 
 Please plan to attend a meeting regarding TW's Order 637 filing immediately following Steve's staff meeting on Monday, March 24.  We will remain in 39C1 following Steve's meeting to discuss the strategy for resolving TW's Order 637 issues.  FERC Chairman Pat Wood has pledged to get all 637 orders issued by this August so we need to consider what we need to do to eliminate those proposals we no longer want and, hopefully, trade them for deferring segmenting until the next rate case.  Please invite anyone else who could benifit from or contribute to this meeting. 
 Keep up the good (healthy) work. 
 Haven't heard anything from Shelley.  I think she had business plan meetings this pm. I will reschedule when I hear from her. 
 We need to discuss. 
 Please send me a copy of the 9/20 memo.  Thanks,  Teb 
 I have the same recollection as to the reason for the decision.  It is my understanding that the only items being amended are receipt point entitlements and that the shippers knew these amendments would be required.  Also,  I don't know whether all of the Red Rock contracts require the receipt point amendments or only some of the agreements.  My  thoughts would be to amend as little as necessary.  -  Teb 
 At a meeting held 2-3 weeks ago, it was decided that the P&C Agreements modified the terms of the base contracts and that separate rate amendments were not required.  I believe this was the consensus of the attendees in both Omaha and Houston.  Steve, Greg and others attended via videoconference in Omaha. 
 We must be able at all times to fulfill our firm obligations through Station 6.  We do not have the option of reducing our certificated capacity without filing an abandonment at the FERC in which we would have to demonstrate that the abandonment would not impair our abilities to meet our firm obligations. 
 I am not good at filing out forms online but please add my name to those supporting Alice for the Chairman's Award. 
 Thanks!  I haven't seen this yet.  -  Teb 
 The imbalance becomes part of thecumulative imbalance subject to book-out/cash-out.  The alert day imbalances are treated differently - the alert day imbalances are settled at 200% of the high (weekly) index for overburns on an overage alert day and 50% of the low ( weekly) index for underburns on an underage alert day. 
 Is the intent that this will be a negotiated rate?  If not,  do we need to add language that the discounted rate will be between max and min rates?  All else looks fine. --  Teb 
 I will bring you changes to the attachment. 
 Lisa-  Insert at end of action plan in second block:  The ability to provide PNR services is contingent on FGT's operating conditions at the time (current line pack,  OBA imbalances and fuel retention) and the price received is a function of market conditions at the time.  Thanks,  Teb 
 Regulatory approval for ordering of materials and preliminary activities only.  Not approved for any ground disturbing activities. 
 Looks fine to me. 
 I have your shirt and will deliver it tomorrow morning.  Thanks! 
 I will attend.  Thanks,  Teb 
 I got your telephone and e-mail.  I think 3% is the right amount. Gotta run - have a great day! Talk to you tonite.  Love,  Teb 
 This is the Texas Monthly article on Enron. 
 OK 
 ECS is technically part of the bankruptcy filing.  We are looking at our options in case ECS can't perform. 
 I agree. 
 Please add Blair Lichtenwalter to all Sun Devil distribution lists.  Thanks,  Teb 
 Kim gave this e-mail address to Debbie who forwarded it to me.  Just checking in to let you know you and your family are in our thoughts and prayers.  We are happy you have arrived - things must be going fairly smoothly.  I'm thinking that its a good thing that you got all of the negative experiences out of the way before your trip.  Everything can go well from now on.  I'm sure Kim and Chad will be glad when their ladies return from their adventure and things can get back to just the usual crises.  Rob, Steve, Blair, Christi, and Zelda all send their prayers and best wishes - I'm assuming Debbie will send you an e-mail also (she is off today).  Stay warm and safe  and come back soon!  --  Teb 
 I'm doing fine.  We can't control all events external to ourselves but we can control our responses to the external events.  We all - especially those who still have jobs - have much to be thankful for and I truly am thankful for all my blessings.  Merry Christmas to you and your family.  -  Teb 
 Just talked to Debbie and she told me about the 2 week waiting period after the proceeding you are trying to get waived.  However it turns out, the end is in sight.  Everyone is still keeping you, Alina, Kim and Chad in their thoughts and prayers.  We can't wait to meet Alina in person, hopefully sometime shortly after the first of the year you can bring her up.  If she needs time to get acclimated before encountering downtown Houston and meeting new people we will understand.  I hope your various ailments are healed, or at least getting better.  Debbie talks to your Mom and Kim periodically, but we enjoy your e-mails when you get a chance.  Hang in there and you will soon be back telling many stories of your adventure.  --  Teb 
 Got it. 
 I do not believe we can make a single point a division in this case.  There is a definition of division on sheet no. 102B which seems to say a point must be interconnected with other points to be a division.  I know we treat single points as divisions in certain other contracts, but I believe these were set up prior to 11/2/92 and are "grandfathered". I also don't believe we are obligated - or able - to extend Sec. 11 rights to new points.  Frazier, what's your reading of this? 
 He can net imbalances together by "booking out" the imbalance of one entity with the imbalance of the other entity.  In other words,  do a book-out with himself.  This can be done without adding the single point as a division to an existing divisional contract. 
 Rob - What format should this be in? 
 A backhaul capacity lease was proposed in the multi-party Mobile Bay projects and FERC did not seem to have any philosophical problems with the concept.  I will defer the second question to the real lawyers. 
 I cannot see a Time Approval on the screen I get when I log on.  I thought I had approved all time reports for Jeanette Doll.  Please advise. 
 We will never negotiate with toaster terrorists!  We will eat raw bread forever rather than turn over a single sheet of paper - or even a single chad - to those who would resort to such extortion.  If we give in now, we will only encourage such acts in the future.  First our microwaves, then our filtered water dispenser, then our refrigerators will become targets of these evil doers.  Rather, we will hunt down those responsible for this dastardly act, and bring them to justice or justice to them.  We will also go after any department supporting the evil doers as well as anyone who partakes of bread (or Eggos or pop tarts) toasted in the purloined appliance!  EPLF -- you're TOAST!!!!!   Small Appliance Defenders In Support of Toasters  (SADIST) 
 Are these codes still ok?  If so, please respond to Liz Legros.  I will respond re end date. 
 Jeanette is still on assignment and will remain so indefinitely.  Debbie Thompson will respond regarding the coding.  -  Teb 
 Our plans are to continue to use Jeanette as long as we are authorized to do so.  We recently sent a justification for keeping her indefinitely, but, as yet, have not heard anything back.  I can not give an end date because I have no plans to end the arrangement.  If we are forced to terminate this arrangement with Jeanette, we would have to add at least 1 full time position and the quality of our service would suffer greatly.  Please advise Rob Kilmer and myself of the steps we need to take to continue to use Jeanette indefinitely.  Her assignment is not related to a specific project but is to provide ongoing regulatory support to the Transwestern pipeline. 
 To EPLF and its sympathizers:   Unless the toaster is returned immediately,= SADIST will commence an escalating series of  actions designed to bring al= l such terrorists to their knees.  We realize there may be some collateral = damage, and for this we are truly sorry.  But we must end toaster terror fo= rever.  Beginning at 0900 hours on 10 January 2002, SADIST will commence th= e following series of actions (each subsequent action will commence 2 hours= after the preceeding sanction): 1. All deliveries of new business cards will be suspended 2. Napkins and paper towels will be removed from the kitchens 3. Post-it notes will be confiscated from all locations 4. Paper towels will be removed from all bathrooms 5. Toilet paper will be removed from all bathrooms ( Enron stock certificat= es will be issued for humanitarian reasons)  If the toaster still has not been returned, SADIST will be forced to remove= all COFFEE FILTERS from the building, including the Energizer and Plaza Ja= va.  Do not doubt our will to use this ultimate weapon, after all we are SA= DIST. =20 
 Amen! 
 Amy & Julie - I have sold my house and will be moving to an apt. near Kirby & W. Alabama before the end of the month.  I  am in the process of packing up my house and have several other obligations this weekend so I will not be able to arrange for the newsletter distribution.  I believe I gave Amy a list of the distributors - Deanna will not be able to continue and Martha and Pat have indicated they would like some relief also.  On the positive side, Lorraine(?) in the 300 block of Welch (with the new baby) has said she would like to help.  I can't remember the new officers so could you all arrange for a transition to a new distributor?  Thanks,  Teb 
 No regulatory problems. 
