 I'm sorry tomorrow afternoon is not available for me.  I have a ortho. appt. and I get my braces off. On Thursday afternoon I have to back for my retainers. Can we meet sometime in the morning.  DS 
 Spoke to Lynn Blair, Kim Watson, Cynthia Rivers, Linda Ward, and Terry Kowalke, we would like to hold the same scheduled numbers on ID/2 from San Juan Lateral as we had scheduled for ID/1 from San Juan Lateral. We think this will help us minimize our Operator and Shipper imbalances. Please let us know if we start getting complaints from our customers. If anyone has other ideas or comments please let us know.  Example:  Non-Grid--    San Juan Scheduled      870,000 ID/1                                                                875,000 ID/2                                                                875,000 (we will have to do the right mouse click and update the capacity to the flow rate needed.) 
 How long will the unit be down 4 hrs,  8hrs, 12hrs, or all day or longer.  DS 
 We need know everyday units need to be taken down and for how long.  Depending on system conditions we may have to allocate.  DS 
 I will be on vacation.  DS 
 I need to get with Dave Duff and have him add the new point to the map.  Dave can you do this for us. This new point will need to be inserted under the Mapco point on the Ignacio to Blanco column.  DS 
 Ken,  We currently have a unit down at Station 4.  If you need to work on something now is the time to do it and not wait until June.  DS 
 What is the time frame these units need to be down.  There are no postings for volume deductions.  Please someone give me some ideas.  Thanks Ds 
 i will be there  ds 
 I spoke to the guys in the field last week when our deliveries went up and we made the decision to run the pigs.  It was passed on to us that the fluids in the line were heavies that were in the gas streams possibly coming from the Bitter Lakes and Red Bluff points.  I had them pull moisture readings and they were well below TW's  #7 of water.  They said it was more like drip.  This heavies are in the gas stream that is falling out and collecting in the pipe.  I agree that we need to run pigs when we have the volumes. We in gas control will continue to work with the field to make that happen. If I have the wrong impression on what is happening I apologize.  Please let me know.  Thanks DS 
 fyi  ds 
 Please read I'm sure you will be getting some calls.  DS 
 Lindy, You are correct they are physical plant receipt points. The Pecos Diamond plant is the straddle plant located on the Atoka Lateral.  Thanks DS 
 FYI We had to pull unit 2 from Plant held for future use at P-3 on the below date.  DS 
 FYI  DS 
 Mom, hey what are you up to nothing much here man today   i  had to mow the lawn man its really hot down here is it really hot there ....................i still dont have a sun tan yet but its getting there u know.............. man i miss u so much and i mean hah i dought you miss me u are probably haveing to much fun to even think about me..............    >=) thats ok im haveing alot of fun here too .............man i cant wait till i come home i miss u so much..................umm i really dontknow what else to say so i mean i guess iwill talk to you l8er or sometin i have to go get ready to go to the mall and get somemore clothes and a new bathing suit and shorts and shoes so i will talk to you l8er love ya byebye.............  <3  Kara 
 This is interesting news.  Thought you might want to know. I sent him pressures on TW side for the month of may per his request.  ds 
 This is TW pressure at the inlet of the Griffith I/C. 
 Dave can you please add the new La Plata Red Cedar point to the map. Please add it between Mapco and Red Cedar points. Also please check to see if the Rio Puerco receipt and delivery are added into the totals of the Central Area.  If they are in the total please exclude them. Rio Puerco is a stand alone point.  Rio Puerco should still be added into the total Transport Receipt and Delivery. If you have questions please call.  Thanks Ds 
  Subject:  Through the 21st TW owed you 36,000.  It looks like to me through the 24th TW owes you 42,000.   Amy and I agree on the numbers. If you have any questions please call.  Since we are scheduled at max capacity we may not be able to give you gas for imbalance, let's continue to talk on a daily basis and they can also work with gas control for this weekend. 
 Through the 21st TW owed you 36,000.  It looks like to me through the 24th TW owes you 42,000.   Amy and I agree on the numbers. If you have any questions please call.  Since we are scheduled at max capacity we may not be able to give you gas for imbalance, let's continue to talk on a daily basis and they can also work with gas control for this weekend. 
 Please see the attached 
 Right now it looks like we can run station 9, station 7, station 6 or station 5.  We will just have to see what we have scheduled for the day.  This will allow us to set our HP accordingly.  Unless I'm missing something Station 8 should not be needed.  However I will check with OPS team to reverify volumes.   DS 
 Projected flows for Griffith.  Ds 
 You are correct looking at the models Ken  Chow ran before he left was between 175 to 225  this will allow the pig to move approx. between 5 to 6 miles an hour.  DS 
 Projected flows  DS 
 Is there a reason we think we will need to run station 8.  I think with the volumes we will have to move to insure 6 miles and hour for the smart pig will be approx. 100 to 200 m2.  If my thinking is wrong please let me know.  DS 
 These are pictures of the underground tunnel system.  ds 
 Due to the flooding in Houston there will be no representative available to attend from Gas Control.  DS 
 For Gas Day June 10. Flow                         Nom. 17.200                      19,998 
 I would like to attend.  DS 
 This is a new interconnect into the suction side of WT-1.  I think the capacity is going to be approximately 50,000 mmbtu.  This may be able to flow sometime this or next.  DS 
 This is the schedule that was sent to gas control. 
 yes we control the flow into TW.  ds 
 fyi  ds 
 TW  Socal Window                                  (Scheduled) Friday                           672              	 653 Saturday                       656               	 656 Sunday                         645               	 643 Monday                        687                	 674  California Del. Friday		                       		 933 Saturday                       		 936 Sunday                          		 921 Monday       				 954  San Juan Del. Friday 					 872 Saturday                       		 864 Sunday                        			 852 Monday					 882  East Del. Friday					 583 Saturday                      			 548 Sunday                       			 570 Monday 				 562 No major problems for the weekend.  NNG  Temps.                       (Actual)             (Projected)          (Normal) Friday			54				    53 Saturday                       49 Sunday                         42 Monday                        			  38  System Load Friday   		1682 Saturday		1737 Sunday                     			1900 Monday                                                 2150  Line Pack Friday                            3492 Saturday                        3318 Sunday                         		 3410 Monday		                                     3410 No major problems for the weekend. 
 Please see the attached. If you have questions please call.  DS 
 good job!  Thanks DS 
 According to the imbalance sheets we continue to over deliver to the two above mentioned I/C's. We need to short them 3000 a day.  Please build this into your plans.  Thanks DS 
 When we slow Gallup down or take it down to avoid the electric peaks, please log it.  This will help the field to keep track of the days and give Rich Jolly and David Roensch (Tiny) the information they may need to answer questions. Your help in this matter will be greatly appreciated.  Thanks DS 
 Was on a conference call with Keith (TW gas control) and Ken Gruel (Griffith plant) Monday morning (September 3) concerning pressure drop at the Griffith plant.  It was discovered that the TW mainline setpoint had been changed to reflect the new order of 35,000 for the day.  The plant sent TW a schedule of hourly burns for the day.  They had intended to take their 24hr rate with-in 12 to 14hrs.  Asked Keith to raise the TW mainline setpoint to approximately 120,000. After speaking with Keith off line and asked him to open the spead sheet from Ken on their takes asked him to figure the hourly take for the 24 hrs.  He said that he made a mistake and didn't look at it.  The Griffith plant has been on line since sometime in April and this should not be anything new to the gas controllers. Asked Keith to call Ken back with Griffith and make sure they had Gas controls E:mail address and or fax number to send any revisions.  Thanks DS 
 I will be on vacation Friday Oct. 19.  I can be reached at home if anyone needs something.  DS 
 Yesssssssssssssssssssssssss! You may call me at home or page if you need to.  DS 
 Ron we will need to be on the first flight out Monday morning in order to attend the PNM meeting Rick wants us to attend.  DS 
 The itinerary looks good to me.  Thanks DS 
 The attached was posted to the Transwestern's Web Site. Kim would you distribute to your group.  Thanks DS 
  Monday Oct. 29 Gas Day. Oasis will be needing to reduce flows in the early morning hours on Tuesday for approximately 12 to 18 hrs.  I will call Oasis on Monday morning to see if they can handle higher deliveries for the first part of the gas day.  DS 
 Beginning November 1, 2001 Transwestern and Lonestar Gas Controls will no longer be able to use both points to balance. We will need to flow the gas where it is scheduled until further notice.  If any questions please call Thanks DS 
 Oct. 26	        Scheduled California	 864 San Juan 	 874 East    		 582  Oct. 27 California	 815 San Juan	 834 East		 635  Oct. 28 California	 836 San Juan	 855 East		 632  Oct. 29 California	 819 San Juan	 838 East		 638 
 Thanks for the updates. If you have any more customer calls please send them to me if you need to.  Thanks DS 
 This came out last week thought you might want to read.  DS 
 Northwest Pipeline Change Steve Fliam to Northwest Gas Control  Change Williams Field Services and Gas Pipeline to Williams Midstream Gas and Liquids. Delete Sheree Anderson Change address PO Box 645 Tulsa, OK. 74102  Thanks DS 
  Until you hear from myself or Gary, we cannot schedule gas at El Paso Windowrock.  Pressures do not work.  DS 
 I had to wait to get back to you this morning, sorry I will not be able to be there.  I need to leave at 2:00 pm today to take my daughter to the dentist. 
 this is a test.  DS 
 this a test  ds 
 Ken this was forwarded to Gas Control.  Please add Gas Control to your E:mail distribution list.  DS 
 looks good to me.  Thanks DS 
 I agree with lindy that non-physical points be excluded.  DS 
 I'm free at 2:00 today.  Let me know  ds 
 This is your contact list for our contract to monitor the Griffith site on behalf of Citizens.  They will be down loading programs monday July, 2 for us to see in gas control.    More info to follow.  ds 
 Please send a test page to the Gas Control address as I am on it.  Thanks DS 
 Just let me know when you get to 42.  ds 
  I will keep gas control informed on this outage.  ds 
 Why are we doing a hot tap?  Is this a new I/C?   If so is it a receipt or delivery.  Seems like gas control doesn't know anything about it.  Thanks ds 
 I plan on being in both days let me know what works best for you.  DS 
 When PG&E does a re-alignment on the weekend, please contact the TW logistics person and let them know so it can get scheduled.   On a second note: When PG&E requests to swap volumes to Socal the actual flow has to take place at the Topock points only.  They cannot take it to Needles.  If you have any questions please call.  DS 
 Thanks for the info.  DS 
  fyi,  ds 
    It's the same as the name, but with no spaces.   DL-ETSGasControllers@enron.com  Please send us a test case.  Thanks DS 
 fyi  ds 
 This is the error I got when trying to update capacity.  This was done in model office.      <Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)> 
 The capacity is set at 58000 mmbtu/d.  Please allocate with the points if it still shows up after we allocate the West of Thoreau group.  If you have any questions please ask.  DS 
 Sorry I'm already committed to another meeting.  DS 
 I can play the 9:00 game and may be able to stay for the 11:00.  ds 
 When I go to the site it ask for login and password,  I used my corp login and password and it did not work. I could not look at the site.  any suggestions.  ds 
 This has been forwarded to the Gas Controllers. Gas controls E:mail address  DL-ETSGasControllers@enron.com no spaces 
 The group numbers are right.  Can I make a suggestion, instead of alphabetical order list them 1 -- 33.  Let me know.  ds 
 I have a meeting.  Sorry  ds 
 Please set up the following deliverys as a receipt displacement.  poi  78113          Calpine power plant 78069          Griffith 500134         Citizens Flagstaff 56659           Citizens Kingman 500046         Citizens F89N  If you have any questions please call  DS 
 These are expected volumes they are still in the test phase.  The operations contract that will permit TW to operate the facility as of today has not been signed by Citizens.  Until further notice Citizens will still operate.  Thanks DS 
 Revised volumes to Griffith,  they will be down for Friday and looks like they will come on sometime early Saturday.  DS 
 =20 
 Station 9 will be unavailable until Monday afternoon, July 23rd.  The recycle valve is leaking gas and a new valve is being shipped from Houston.  If you need a station you have to cycle station 8.  DS 
 Station 9 has been repaired and ready for service as of July 20th.  DS 
 Tuesday or Wednesday works for me.  DS 
 Citizens is going to sign the agency and operating agreement today.  TW will be taking over the operations and monitoring the Griffith plant on Citizens behalf.  We will be monitoring the alarms at the plant and you have a call out sheet for Citizens personnel.  We also will be responsible for the operations at the plant.  Currently in Scada we have Griffith Power Plant El Paso and Griffith Power Plant TW.  Please get familiar with the points and how set points will need to be sent.  To change El Paso, the set point will be at 1.  TW will be at 2. When you send flow set points of 140,000 that will automatically convert to pressure control.  Set points less than 140,000 will stay on flow control.  We will have to experiment with set points when we have orders on TW and El Paso.  Currently we have orders just off of TW.  1.  Currently El Paso is set on 140,000 flow which will control on pressure and TW flow set point is at 120,000. this is on flow control. 2.  When we have a flow order from El Paso we may want to set them on flow control and TW on pressure.   We will just have to experiment with the best operation. 3.  Remember the above mentioned is at the plant and not at the TW Mainline I/C.  We are working with Citizens to be able to see El Paso Mainline I/C.(El Paso will be responsible for the Mainline I/C and setpoints.)  I put a copy of the agreement in everyone's inbox for your review. If you have questions we can get with Craig Lipke with Citizens and ask for their help.  Last conversation with him was we would just have to operate and see which scenario best fits the situation.  In other words they really don't know which is the best way to operate.  Thanks DS 
 This is the E:mail we received about the Ivanhoe dehy maintenance.  Will you please respond.  Thanks DS 
 I will be there.  Gary Spraggins needs to be invited.  DS 
 Below attached is the TW summary report we have been working on for the past several months.  I will be glad to explain the details.  DS 
 FYI  DS 
 The attached will be the operating situations that we will cover.  David if you see anything that we need to revise before, please call.  DS 
 Dale will call you this afternoon.  DS 
 I will be out of the office next week on vacation.  Monday July 30    out Tuesday                in Wednesday          out Thursday              out Friday                  out  I will be packing and beginning to move into our new house if you have any questions just page and I will get back with you or voice mail or E:mail.  Thanks DS 
 When doing allocation process and we allocate points or groups on the Timely, Evening, or Non-Grid. We allocate with the capacities that are loaded from CAS.  When allocating points or groups that have not previously been allocated on any of the previous cycles during ID-1 or ID-2 we need to use the flow rate calculation. . Example :  Allocations are as follows  The only point to be exempt from this method should be Socal Needles because of their window issue Timely:        M/L Thoreau West System                1093.000  (capacity) I/B Link                                             700.000  (capacity) Laplata/Ignacio                                  500.000  (capacity) Socal Needles                                   775.000  (Window) Evening:      Same sequence Non-Grid:     Same sequence  ID-1or ID-2:  Same sequence shows up to be allocated. Since they were previously allocated on the earlier cycles we do not need to right mouse click and calculate flow and update capacity based on flow rate.  The only time we should have to calculate flow rate is when there is a new point or group shows up that has not been previously allocated.  The reason for the change is we have recieved more FERC data requests on capacities and scheduled volumes. lets try this for a while and see how it is working. 
 I will be here Tuesday only this week.  Tuesday works for me.  ds 
 After talking with Ken and our Gas Control it appears we had and operater error, a setpoint was put in at the TW mainline.  The problem was corrected and the plant pressure came back.  We think with an open line of communications between the plant and gas control we hope to minimize the mistakes.  If any other concerns please call.  Thanks DS  713-853-4299 
 We will need to start operating the Griffith plant TW and El Paso points.  Refer to the previous memo that was sent suggesting the operations.  DS 
 When operational capacity changes during any cycle the below comments will need to inserted into the point or group comment section in CAS. 1.  Socal Window 2.  Low line pack inventory 3.  I/C or plant non performance 4.  High line pack inventory 5.  Compression status 6.  Other  *During normal business hours except for Evening and ID-2, Myself, Gary, Steve, Terry, or John should be responsible for loading comments into CAS unless the Reps. have been given the directive to update comments. *Weekends, and Holidays, Reps. will be loading comments into CAS. *When new points or groups show up to be allocated that have not previously been allocated, you will need to page me or in my absence Gary, Steve.  We will let you know what to do with the capacity either update or allocate. If you have any questions please call me or page.  Thanks DS 
 Please foward to you team the attached. please include Sheila  DS 
  I will be attending this Team building session on Wednesday August 8.  DS 
 I will be going to this.  DS 
 The below has been posted to the NNG Web-site. 
 Revised schedule.  ds 
 Revised for Calpine  ds 
 At this time I see no problems.  DS 
 see the attached 
 Arnie or Walt can either one of you set up conference call tomorrow with all the above mentioned and discuss Thursdays P-2 to P-3 pig run.  Please let us know.  Thanks ds 
 I will be out next week. =20 DS 
 This is for smart pig runs.  I have already let PNM know that Rio Puerco will not be able to flow to TW for the 18th -- 20th.  Thanks DS 
   [Schoolcraft, Darrell]  This is pretty cool.  This is just how I remember it. Please show this to Kara.  I bet Mom can remember back.  ds Subject: Re: "Remember"   > REMEMBER.... > > When the worst thing you could do at school was smoke in the bathrooms, > flunk a test or chew gum. And the banquets were in the cafeteria and we > danced to a juke box later, and all the girls wore fluffy pastel gowns and > the boys wore suits for the first time and we were allowed to stay out till > 12 p.m.... > > When a '57 Chevy was everyone's dream car...to cruise, peel out, lay rubber > and watch drag races, and people went steady and girls wore a class ring > with an inch of wrapped dental floss or yarn coated with pastel frost nail > polish so it would fit her finger. > > And no one ever asked where the car keys were 'cause they were always in the > car, in the ignition, and the doors were never locked. And you got in big > trouble if you accidentally locked the doors at home, since no one ever had > a key. > > Remember lying on your back on the grass with your friends and saying things > like "That cloud looks like a..." > > And playing baseball with no adults to help kids with the rules of the game. > Back then, baseball was not a psychological group learning experience-it was > a game. > > Remember when stuff from the store came without safety caps and hermetic > seals 'cause no one had yet tried to poison a perfect stranger. > > And...with all our progress...don't you just wish...just once...you could > slip back in time and savor the slower pace...and share it with the children > of the 80's and 90's ...... > > So send this on to someone who can still remember Nancy Drew, The Hardy > Boys, Laurel & Hardy, Howdy Doody and The Peanut Gallery, The Lone Ranger, > The Shadow Knows, Nellie Belle, Roy and Dale, Trigger and Buttermilk as well > as the sound of a real mower on Saturday morning, and summers filled with > bike rides, playing in cowboy land, baseball games, bowling and visits to > the pool...and eating Kool-Aid powder with sugar. > > When being sent to the principal's office was nothing compared to the fate > that awaited a misbehaving student at home. > > Basically, we were in fear for our lives, but it wasn't because of drive by > shootings,drugs, gangs,etc. > > Our parents and grandparents were a much bigger threat! But we all survived > because their love was greater than the threat. > > Didn't that feel good, just to go back and say, Yeah, I remember that! > > And was it really that long ago? > > 
 The attached was posted to the TW Web Site. 
 The below posting was taken off the TW Web Site this morning.  We are currently running flow studies and TW commercial team is discussing the economics.  We will repost as soon as possible.  DS 
 I will not be able to attend.  Thanks for the invite.  DS 
 The below was revised and posted to the TW Internet Site.  DS 
 They have a rep. flying in tonight to help evaluate the situation.  It has something to do with the variable speed on the unit. They can start it but can't keep it running and speed up.  DS 
 The below attached has been reposted to the TW Web Site. 
 We need to make sure that when we have any issues concerning the Griffith plant we put something on the log. It has been brought to our attention that we had a problem on Aug. 6th and Aug. 14th and there is nothing in the logs about anything.  I was here on the 6th and know they almost ran themselves out of gas because they started pulling more than our setpoint and did not call to let us know.  If anyone can recall what took place on the 14th please drop me and e:mail. Citizens is trying to gather information on these days based on complaints from Griffith plant.  Thanks DS 
 SEE attached 
 Will come and talk to you tomorrow and we might need to pull in Ron Matthews and David Roensch for their expertise.  DS 
  I will let you know any updates.  We will be allocating until further notice. San Juan:         800,000 Thoreau West  1010,000   DS 
 The attached has been posted. 
 Tim looks good to John and I.  Thanks for you help.  ds 
 This is all we know for now.  ds 
 Do you want to be on the call, if so can we use your office.  ds 
 The pressure regulator has been taken out of service at the TW Griffith I/C on the mainline. This is to hopefully minimize the pressure swings to the plant. David if you have any other comments please respond with your ideas.  Thanks DS 
 I'm sorry I have a previous meeting scheduled.  DS 
 Dannis Bellard is transitioning into the MOPS system and he needs to be there.  I will be there if you need me to.  DS 
 The measurement tech should be back this week and looking at that point.  They control the flow. Will let you know asap. as I find something out.  DS 
 Thursday will work best for me.  ds 
 can do.  DS 
 Can we use a summation meter for the POI 500168 Westar Ward County Meter # 9089 and Meter # 10187 We can make this a bi-directional point in our system.  This will make it transparent to our customers.  Thanks DS 
 Contact the plant and see if they will come up to the scheduled burns for the hours.  DS 
 I will not be able to attend NNG is having their customer meeting in KC.  Steve J. or Gary S. will not be here to handle NNG.  Therefore I have to be here for both pipes.  Thanks DS 
  fyi  ds 
 How does 9:00 work for everyone.  This is a very critical topic and needs to be discussed asap.  DS 
 I would be glad to play.  However I am not a scratch golfer anymore.  My ha= ndicap is at 15 now that I don't play as much. If you still want me to play let me know.  Thanks for the invite. =20  DS 
 POI 500168 has been changed in CAS to 200,000 both receipt and delivery.  DS 
 Looks good to me.  We need to get with Jan to see what TW fuel is valued so if we go sell it we don't take a hit on price.  DS 
 Rich,  You did mean September 4th instead of October I hope.  I know your doing this to see if anyone really reads your e:mails.  DS 
 I just figured this was a new way to test us.  DS 
 DL-ETS Gas Controllers@enron.com  TEST  ds 
 Is there a reason we think we will need to run station 8.  I think with the volumes we will have to move to insure 6 miles and hour for the smart pig will be approx. 100 to 200 m2.  If my thinking is wrong please let me know.  DS 
 Projected flows  DS 
 You are correct looking at the models Ken  Chow ran before he left was between 175 to 225  this will allow the pig to move approx. between 5 to 6 miles an hour.  DS 
 Projected flows for Griffith.  Ds 
 Right now it looks like we can run station 9, station 7, station 6 or station 5.  We will just have to see what we have scheduled for the day.  This will allow us to set our HP accordingly.  Unless I'm missing something Station 8 should not be needed.  However I will check with OPS team to reverify volumes.   DS 
 Please see the attached 
 Through the 21st TW owed you 36,000.  It looks like to me through the 24th TW owes you 42,000.   Amy and I agree on the numbers. If you have any questions please call.  Since we are scheduled at max capacity we may not be able to give you gas for imbalance, let's continue to talk on a daily basis and they can also work with gas control for this weekend. 
  Subject:  Through the 21st TW owed you 36,000.  It looks like to me through the 24th TW owes you 42,000.   Amy and I agree on the numbers. If you have any questions please call.  Since we are scheduled at max capacity we may not be able to give you gas for imbalance, let's continue to talk on a daily basis and they can also work with gas control for this weekend. 
 This is TW pressure at the inlet of the Griffith I/C. 
 This is interesting news.  Thought you might want to know. I sent him pressures on TW side for the month of may per his request.  ds 
 Mom, hey what are you up to nothing much here man today   i  had to mow the lawn man its really hot down here is it really hot there ....................i still dont have a sun tan yet but its getting there u know.............. man i miss u so much and i mean hah i dought you miss me u are probably haveing to much fun to even think about me..............    >=) thats ok im haveing alot of fun here too .............man i cant wait till i come home i miss u so much..................umm i really dontknow what else to say so i mean i guess iwill talk to you l8er or sometin i have to go get ready to go to the mall and get somemore clothes and a new bathing suit and shorts and shoes so i will talk to you l8er love ya byebye.............  <3  Kara 
 We need to keep our communications open to the plant.  I know that during their test mode they have had a variance in load projections. Hopefully when they become operational their loads will be more steady. Ken, Sorry about yesterday.  Thanks to your quick responce to our gas control so we could correct the problem before the plant went down. If you have any more questions please call.  Thanks DS  713-853-4299 
 Citizens Griffith Az. I/C (Mainline Takeoff)(GRIF)  The lo pressure alarm on the analog page for the downstream pressure going to the Griffith plant from TW's mainline has been reset at 800#. The lo lo pressure alarm is set at 750#. Reason:  This should give you time to react to possible low pressure concerns in the 3 to 4 miles of pipe from mainline to Griffith plant and hopefully prevent any plant upsets.  This is for our protection.  You may need to raise the setpoint. For call outs for alarms TW operations is responsible.  If anyone does not agree with this please let me know and we can discuss.  Griffith Power Plt. El Paso and TW (CITZ)  We monitor these two sites as EMAR for Citizens.  Remember anytime you receive alarms on these points you refer to the call out list for Citizens.  If you have questions please refer to the handout you received or call me. The plant is currently down and planning on coming on line and commercial Tuesday September 11. There are still some questions on which is the better way to set the site for flows.  Let me know what you think of setting TW on pressure control and El Paso on flow control. Reason:  TW pressure is higher and with El Paso on flow control this will allow TW to take the swing when Griffith has orders from both pipelines.  Let me know of your experience with this and let's discuss and write up some guidelines for us to follow.  Thanks DS 
 FYI  DS 
 FYI We had to pull unit 2 from Plant held for future use at P-3 on the below date.  DS 
 Lindy, You are correct they are physical plant receipt points. The Pecos Diamond plant is the straddle plant located on the Atoka Lateral.  Thanks DS 
 Please read I'm sure you will be getting some calls.  DS 
 fyi  ds 
 i will be there  ds 
 What is the time frame these units need to be down.  There are no postings for volume deductions.  Please someone give me some ideas.  Thanks Ds 
 Ken,  We currently have a unit down at Station 4.  If you need to work on something now is the time to do it and not wait until June.  DS 
 I need to get with Dave Duff and have him add the new point to the map.  Dave can you do this for us. This new point will need to be inserted under the Mapco point on the Ignacio to Blanco column.  DS 
  Check with the plant.  ds 
 I will be on vacation.  DS 
 We need know everyday units need to be taken down and for how long.  Depending on system conditions we may have to allocate.  DS 
 How long will the unit be down 4 hrs,  8hrs, 12hrs, or all day or longer.  DS 
 Spoke to Lynn Blair, Kim Watson, Cynthia Rivers, Linda Ward, and Terry Kowalke, we would like to hold the same scheduled numbers on ID/2 from San Juan Lateral as we had scheduled for ID/1 from San Juan Lateral. We think this will help us minimize our Operator and Shipper imbalances. Please let us know if we start getting complaints from our customers. If anyone has other ideas or comments please let us know.  Example:  Non-Grid--    San Juan Scheduled      870,000 ID/1                                                                875,000 ID/2                                                                875,000 (we will have to do the right mouse click and update the capacity to the flow rate needed.) 
 I'm sorry tomorrow afternoon is not available for me.  I have a ortho. appt. and I get my braces off. On Thursday afternoon I have to back for my retainers. Can we meet sometime in the morning.  DS 
 This is a new interconnect into the suction side of WT-1.  I think the capacity is going to be approximately 50,000 mmbtu.  This may be able to flow sometime this or next.  DS 
 I would like to attend.  DS 
 For Gas Day June 10. Flow                         Nom. 17.200                      19,998 
 Due to the flooding in Houston there will be no representative available to attend from Gas Control.  DS 
 These are pictures of the underground tunnel system.  ds 
 Dave can you please add the new La Plata Red Cedar point to the map. Please add it between Mapco and Red Cedar points. Also please check to see if the Rio Puerco receipt and delivery are added into the totals of the Central Area.  If they are in the total please exclude them. Rio Puerco is a stand alone point.  Rio Puerco should still be added into the total Transport Receipt and Delivery. If you have questions please call.  Thanks Ds 
 I spoke to the guys in the field last week when our deliveries went up and we made the decision to run the pigs.  It was passed on to us that the fluids in the line were heavies that were in the gas streams possibly coming from the Bitter Lakes and Red Bluff points.  I had them pull moisture readings and they were well below TW's  #7 of water.  They said it was more like drip.  This heavies are in the gas stream that is falling out and collecting in the pipe.  I agree that we need to run pigs when we have the volumes. We in gas control will continue to work with the field to make that happen. If I have the wrong impression on what is happening I apologize.  Please let me know.  Thanks DS 
 Gary=20 Gary Spaggins and I have a presentation that we have to give to Stan.  We c= annot attend, Steve January is on vac. There is no one else from our group. 
  Beginning today June 14, 2001  We need to operate the Interconnect points between Transwestern and Northern just like we do all others.  We have orders everyday and we need to balance unless both pipes have agreed to work on the imbalances. When Transwestern or Northern get into operational constraints we need to work with all the Interconnect customers.  If customers are not in the position to help and we have to go out of balance on Transwestern or Northern for operational constraints, please leave myself, Gary or Steve and E:mail or telephone message of all volumes, and why's.  We will need to be able to address them in the morning meeting.  If you have any questions please feel free to ask.  DS 
 Right now I can plan on being there.  ds 
 We need to be able to monitor everything there is to see just as we would monitor a TW on NNG interconnect. Along with the below mentioned items from Ben, we also need  All Accums, (previous and current mmbtu and mmcf), All Flows both MMbtu and MMcf. on all runs, 2" rotary, 4" turbine meter, 10" ultra-sonic. All available History info..  This information request is for monitoring TW and El Paso at the Griffith Site. Gary, Steve, Dale please review and if you think we need anything else, now is the time to speak up.  We need as much information as possible to insure a smooth transition for gas control.  From what TW is hearing we could take over the operation sometime next week. Dale once we have the additional requests, will you foward them to Ben or would you like me to.  I will be glad to help.  DS 
   Thanks DS 
 Gary Spraggins, Steve January or myself will not be able to participate on the call.  We have a presentation to give to Stan Horton from 9:00 to 11:00.  DS and GS 
 I can be available at 2:00 pm.  Let me know.  DS 
 right now I will be available and very glad to help.  Just give me a call when you are ready and I can meet you in the lobby on 42.  Thanks DS  ext. 34299 
 I will be there.  DS 
 1.  On your first request for down time next week.  You may have an opportunity this weekend 23, or 24 depending on the volumes. We can communicate this to your Team Friday afternoon.  We can not committ to next week at this time. 2.  Your best opportunity to pull your ESD is going to be on a weekend or weekday when or flows are down to the border. We can check every day and let you know when this may be possible.  At this time we cannot committ to your outage requests.  Thanks DS We will stay in touch. 
 It looks like we are over delivering 2000 to 3000 mmbtu/d at PG&E Topock everyday.  I will have the Field go out and take a look at the measurement.  We need to set the point approximately 5000 short every day until further notice.  I will visit with PG&E and let them know what we are doing.    DS 
 Talked with PG&E today and they would like to flow rate today and we can talk to them each day.  Our imbalance is 85,000 mmbtu they owe TW.  I will visit with Mike O'Donnell about our imbalance.  For now use the scada point for daily flow rates and not the spread sheet.  DS 
 It really doesn't matter if we have sold firm or not March is still available for maintenance, as we would do it through april, may or june. To answer your firm question.  Jan. 02 1091, Feb. 1071. Mar. 1071, Apr. 1057, May 1057.  This is what I see right now you know how things change.  DS 
 Can you explain why we over delivered to NNG on total order.  Order: 35.397 to NNG  Flow: 57.753 to NNG  Please let us know.  Thanks DS 
 Disregard the below message.  Sorry about that. I've got egg on my face.  TW did not over deliver to NNG.  The previous day accums for Estes did not role in scada until a little after 10:00 am.  I did call Dale to ask if that should take that long to role over. We are just trying to keep a close eye on imbalances.  DS 
 This will have to wait until March timeframe.  They need to do better planning.   DS 
 Thanks  DS 
 This is special from Christine .  ds 
 Below is a perliminary report that Citizens sent and their recommendation.  Please note Rob's message. Gary will you and Tiny review the report and next week we can set a conference call to discuss what we think that can be done if we choose to regulate our pressure to the Citizens site.  The call will include all the above personnel.  After we have our call I would like to call Citizens and let them know if there is anything TW can or is willing to do, or is it a Citizens design problem. I will let everyone know the dial in number on Monday.  I will be on vacation tomorrow.  Thanks DS 
  We need to watch this real close.  We are scheduled for a conference call with Griffith and Citizens and El Paso. They want to discuss operational scenarios.  Jesse I will let you know when and where so you can listen and add your view points from a gas control perspective.  Thanks DS 
 This is an email sent to me after my conversation with Rob last week.  I don't know where he is leading with this.  However will every one please read the below and Jerry in my absense please work with everyone to try and come up with a solution that TW is willing to live with as we go forward as TW and EMAR (operators for Citizens). Sorry I won't be able to any help this week as I will be traveling to New Mexico for my Mom's funeral.  I will try and stay in the loop as best I can.  Thanks for everyone's help in resolving this issue.  DS 
 I don't know if you got the address to send flowers our cards.  1305 West Jackson Lovington, New Mexico, 88260  Thanks for your thoughts and prayers.  DS 
 Thanks  ds 
 It worked.  Thanks ds -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 This is the outage for redrock tie-ins and volumes.  ds 
 As of the 6th TW and NNG are balanced, I agree with Gary we need to stay balanced.  ds 
 This is the most current.  ds 
 The gas temp that gas control see's leaving Roswell (station 9) is running between 85 to 95 degrees.  Please if I'm looking at this wrong please correct me.  Thanks DS 
  Would this be something we would consider or do we need to suggest TW host in Houston.  ds 
 you are correct however there are no nominations.  ds 
 Yes I can.  Let me know when this is finalized.  ds 
 looks good to me.  My portion.  ds 
 We currently have an accumulated imbalance due TW from PNM of approximately 375,000 mmbtu.  We do not need to let this keep growing.  Talked with Chuck Thompson (PNM) and we both have agreed that TW is not to over deliver to PNM until we can verify the measurements.  We need to keep the total order in balance. We will work on this next week.  Thanks Ds 
 I don't think that decision has been made.  I think we should be allocating.  This should be discussed today at the TW afternoon marketing meeting.  ds 
 As of the Jan. 11 Amy got them to take their schedule down from .444 to .088 and TW is now receiving make up.  We will continue to watch this point.  ds 
 I called Steve Richards at the station and this unit is in plant held for future use.  I told him to get started. This is for unit 602 down from 1/16 to 5/31.  We will still have two units available.  ds 
 next week will be fine.  Let me know.  DS 
 Per Robert Baker:  The TW Valero Pecos I/C unavailable until further notice.  Will keep you updated.  Thanks DS 
 Yes we do and I will make copies.  ds 
 Works for me.  ds 
 I would like to know where and how this is going to affect us and all the parameters.  Kim I know Mansoor is working on the project and I will get with him.  I would like to be included in the discussions from the beginning on new I/C ideas and locations.  DS 
 January 2002		Scheduled  Friday 19 West			 (869) San Juan	              845 East			 (506)  Saturday 20 West			 (873) San Juan		  852 East			 (486)  Sunday 21 West		              (889) San Juan	               871 East			  (485)  Monday 22 West			  (890) San Juan		   870 East			  (519)  Notes:  Nice quiet weekend 
 Thanks  ds 
 Melissa left a message that the volumes should start flowing to make the imbalance for the month.  They cannot split stream flows.  ds 
 As of Sunday, January 20, 2002 Griffith Power plant located off of TW's mainline was declared operational for Commercial Usage to the Power Grid market.  Gas Control Issues: Nominations: Their could be nominations every day for flow from El Paso and TW depending on the price and transportation agreements between Duke and PPL. You will see a total nom for the TW side in your daily orders and the El Paso order will have to come from the TW logistics Team.  Flows: We may have to batch the El Paso volumes depending on the nominations.  We will watch the noms this week to get a feel of where and how much they may vary. As agents for Citizens under the EMAR umbrella, We will need to get with the El Paso controller and let them know that your going to open their side to be Primary and start taking flow from them to accumulate the order.(If this looks like it is going to be small volumes we may need to batch the gas and work with El Paso Controllers.) Currently at the Griffith Power Plant TW and El Paso screens the primary control set point is 1 (TW primary) When you need to flow from El Paso you will need to switch the service to 2 (El Paso primary), and flow the gas until accumed and switch back to 1 (TW primary). If anyone has a question on this please call me and we can walk through it.  Again as EMAR we are to make the changes at the Site from Gas Control. The only time we should get the Citizens people involved with the I/C is if we have a problem with Primary switches or pressure problems.  Please refer to the call out sheet on the Console for Citizens.  Please don't hesitate to call if you need help.  Thanks DS 
 I will be out Thursday afternoon.  How about Friday sometime.  ds 
 I can make that.  ds 
 That is fine with me.  Just let me know.  ds 
 500168 is a Bi-directional point and physically can flow both ways.  One Oak built a new delivery point with the capacity of 200,000 and the other point that was a delivery only is still active.  The two I/C's go into different pressures into their system but physically located in the same yard.  TW, along with Marketing (Kevin Hyatt) asked to keep the same POI and asked to set this point up as a summation meter to make it easier for the customers to nom on both pipes.  Karen was involved in this point. 56943 is only a delivery only and is good for only displacement. 1635 is no longer a bi-directional point according to Will Fernandes on the Monahans team it is a delivery to NNG only.  He will send an e:mail. The Burlington Jackrabbit I/C in San Juan:  That was Burlington's Plant and I/C.  They were the only shippers able to use that point.  They are not using that point and they will get back with me and let us know if they want us to keep the point in active status. If any other questions please call  DS 
 56943 TW-NNG Ward-- We need to leave as Bi-directional.  Will Fernandes called back and said they were mistaken and there are still one 8" orfice run dedicated to flow gas back to TW.  They apologize for the confussion. Burlington Jackrabbit-- Olivia with Burlington called and the point does no longer exist on their side and will not ever be using it. Does this mean we can inactivate it on TW?  ds 
  I appologize for some confusion.  56943 Valero Ward -- is only a delivery and we do displacements. 1635 TW-NNG Ward -- is a Bi-directional point. Jackrabbit we can inactivate.  Thanks DS 
 HL with Conoco let us know that the Zia plant will be down for maintenance Monday 28th for approximately 10 days.  They plan to route some of the gas to the Maljamar plant.  I told them they would have to stay within TW tarrif specs of 7# of water. They will watch it.  DS 
 What seems to be the problem with start up.  When you do will you be in more test phases or commercial.  DS 
 please see attached outages for march and april.  ds 
 Terry Youngren (Artesia Team) called to let us know that PNM will have their Loco Hills (Thompson) Tap out of service for approximately 3 weeks.  They have to get parts.  DS 
 E:mail example:   darrell.schoolcraft@enron.com  Jeff Cochran Steve Coash Rodney Barnes Jesse Alvarado Jeff Moore Roy Armitage Margaret Hall Richard Barry Keith Braswell Helen Cummings Rob Munson Ed Welsh Rory Calhoun Ron Spain Gayle Henley Bart Monden Crandal Hardy Alan Muntz Larry Davis Steve January Darrell Schoolcraft Gary Spraggins  As we go thru our reorganization this list may have to be changed.  Thanks DS 
 They had a 35,000 order and Kieth put the setpoint in at the mainline.  They sent a schedule for what they intended to pull hourly and he didn't look at it.  I got with him yesterday and explained how the spread sheet works they send us and how to figure the hourly takes for a 24 hr period.  Guess I should'nt assume they know to do that.  I will take the to do to get with each gas controller again and explain how Griffith works both at the power plant controls and the mainline.  DS 
  Sounds like to me they will still be swinging and still in the test mode.  TW will work with Griffith as we can.  DS 
 See the attached  ds 
 Your the best....  Thanks Ds 
  I had Maria send this to me.  I think we can utilize this attachment.  ds 
 What do you think about posting this attachment to the TW web site.  ds 
  Thought you might like this.  ds 
 Thought you might like the attachment.  ds 
 Sounds like you will still be in your test mode and need to swing.  TW will work with you as well as our system will allow.  DS 
 These are just estimates.  ds 
 Please see the attached.  If you have any questions please call.  ds 
 Just let gas control know what units you are going to have unavailable.  You can proceed with the project.  ds 
 FYI 
  I do not.  ds 
 Great job.....  Thanks 
 I can be available as well at 9 this morning.  ds 
 We will need to watch pressures very close and manage horsepower so we do not exceed the 939#.  We need to set alarm limits. Will keep you updated.  DS 
    Subject:	Tribute to Victims & Family  Make sure your sound is up.  http://www.angelfire.com/fl4/IceWalker/ATributetotheVictimsandFamily.html 
 Thanks  ds 
 Will keep you updated.  ds 
  fyi  ds 
 Someone needs to call Jerry Graves or myself to schedule a pig run.  We will need to have some coordination to flow gas from the P-3 side of the Canadian station to ensure you enough gas to run the pig to feldman. With max flows from the P-2 area they can run a pig from P-2 to P-3 anytime.  It just needs to be coordinated with the teams and gas control. Mickey, hope this answers you questions.  If not call me.  Let us know.  ds   713-853-4299 
 fyi 
 This will be fine.  ds 
 We are currently pumping north at P-3 to Mid-continent I/C's and Canadian. How are you going to get enough gas to run the pig back to P-3.  We only have 29,000 flowing at NNG Beaver today.  If you have any ideas let us know.  ds 
 Chuck Thompson is with PNM.  ds 
 We need to get together on the digs between 4 and 5.  we will have to isolate the main and loop.  We will need to curtail gas from SJ.  I will look at the posting I had previously.  ds 
  Is it Marketings plan to offer this as a Primary Firm point or an Alternate.  ds 
 I second Jerry's statement below.  ds 
 I talked to Delma with Amoco about the fuel and she is going to get with her people and call us back.  ds 
 I will be on vacation tuesday, March 12  returning on wednesday.  ds 
 We can check with Williams but can't promise anything.  ds 
 yes  ds 
 It will be fine.  ds 
 I think these will be just fine.  Ds -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Talk to tk but I think these will be fine.  Ds -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 I guess this is ok if you are. Is this a standard language. If R.  Hannigrif is fine with it, then I will be good. I will be in the office tomorrow.  See you then Ds -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 Hey tk how are you doing. We are having fun. I plan to be in the office Tomorrow.  We need to Come home Lynda is About to break me.  Money wise that is.  See you later.  Ds and ls   -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 
 no,  we are back to normal.  ds 
 It will be sometime on Tuesday.  Just call.  ds 
 Please leave the set point at 30,000 until further notice.  ds 
 We are allocating approximately 90,000 to 100,000 mmbtu/d from San Juan.  After the conference call today, I will revise the posting.  ds 
 Please see the attached. 
  fyi  ds 
 Please include John on your distribution list.  ds 
 Thanks  ds 
 Please see the attached.   ds 
 Please set him up to get the TW critical notices.  ds 
 There are 3 sheets tabs are at the bottom.  Cal., WestTexas, sheet 3.  ds 
 laura and amy and i told him he could have 5000.  ds 
 Jerry and I will work with the Field teams and Tiny to see if late April might be an option.  ds 
  This is when the E:mail was set and the set point was put out of the way.  ds 
 I don't know that for a fact.  I assumed since they do the same thing for the lamar power plant they should know to do the same for Griffith and Calpine, that is why we send those daily schedules.  DS 
 I will be in a meeting with BP Amoco from 12 to 2.  Can we do this at 2 pm.  Thanks DS 
 I will be attending.  DS 
 That will be fine.  DS 
  Check with Griffith this morning.  DS 
 I will do that.  Thanks DS 
 This is fyi.  We need to be more careful on this point and refer to the schedule they send us.  Please if you have any questions call.  DS 
 I will be attending.  DS 
 Gas controllers on duty were Gayle Henley and Bart Mondon.  They both did a great job.  Thanks DS 
 Gas Day September 23, 2001 Gallup Compressor Station will be doing run testing.  Capacity for San Juan will stay at 800,000 mmbtu/d.  Gas Day September 24, 2001 Gallup Compressor Station at full load.  Capacity for San Juan will increase to 850,000 mmbtu/d. and Mainline Thoreau West System will increase from 1010,000 to 1090,000 mmbtu/d.  Posted to the Transwestern Web Site to the customers Sunday Morning September 23, 2001 
 FYI ds 
  This is the tournament that I've been asked to play in.  I will be out of t= he office.  DS 
 I will be there.  DS 
 Please read all the below comments. You may get the call.  If you need all the units to run tell them to run all the units.  Let me know by voice mail or e:mail if this happens.  Thanks DS 
 Just in case you receive a call from either JB or David.  They were called yesterday and I spoke with Neal and let them know they were going short again after we cleaned up their current imbalance over last weekend and Monday. They were short for Wednesday's gas day.  My conversation was with Neal that they make adjustments to their nominated volumes or turn on more gas.  It does not appear they did either one.  I will call them this morning and let them know that they have until ID-1 to turn on more gas or cut their noms or TW will be cutting their market for ID-1.  Maybe this is a good opportunity to discuss park and ride again.  TW covered 7,000 mmbtu/d of Markets according to the scada numbers that we see.  Let me know if you agree.  Thanks Ds 
  This will be for approximately 8 hrs.  ds 
  Jeff will be calling you before they do anything.  ds 
 Mike can you and Danny get with either Gary or myself to get access to change capacities for the MOPS system in NNG Contract Management System. (CAS)  We will show you where and how to do that. You will also need to post outages to the NNG Web Site.   Thanks DS 
 FYI  ds 
 Right now guys we will do our best to keep the station on line however we can't predict what flows will be.  If we don't have the volumes we can't do it. The gas prices so far for Oct. look higher going to Cal. border.  We will have to see if we have the volumes next week to run the pigs.  Sure would have been nice to have run pigs this week everyone could see that flows were up and we should have taken advantage of this.  Again, we will take a look at all scenario's next week.  Thanks DS 
   Subject:     FW: I need a favour 
 Please see the attached. 
 I'm afraid its true its true.  Thanks for the laugh!  on a more serious note fyi these meters are supposed to be tested every 5 yrs. and they have never been tested or cleaned.  That scares me a bit.  Things just might not go back to- gether like it came aprart, but we shall seeeeeeeeee.....  DS 
 I certainly agree.  This should be fine.  Let me know.  DS 
 no.  Let me try and catch up with Rich.'  DS 
 Gas Control Members.  I have not been able to verify if these gas controllers will come.  However here is the list. I will check with them as they are on and let you know.  Helen Cummings Rob Munson Jesse Alvarado Jeff Moore Gayle Henley Bart Mondon  Thanks DS   ********************************************************************* 
 The attached is the most recent list of operators and numbers. Please foward to your Team. ds 
 This is what Ken sent for gas consumption during the pressure loss. 
 I did not send one first thing this morning, however I did give the map to Michelle in the morning.  I told her I did not fax one down this morning.  Sorry Steve didn't get his copy seems I can't win either way.  He will get one from someone.  DS 
 I do thank you for everything you do for the Logistics team.  We will get you what you need in a more timely manner. Today I was running at a fast pace with TW, NNG, systems. Again thank you.  DS 
 TW  Socal Window               (Actual)      (Projected) Saturday                       688 Sunday                         709 Monday                                              728  California Del. Saturday                       947 Sunday                         960 Monday                                              964  San Juan Del. Saturday                       870 Sunday                         871 Monday                                              874  East Del. Saturday                      430 Sunday                        445 Monday                                              351  No major problems for the weekend.  NNG  Temps. Saturday                       39 Sunday                         43 Monday                                                53  System Load Saturday                     1959 Sunday                       1800 Monday                                             1675  Line Pack Saturday                     3318 Sunday                       3400 Monday                                              3400  No major problems for the weekend. 
 There is volume flowing to the plant.  The team is trying to get the Scada back in service.  Will keep you updated.  Thanks DS 
