s equivalents does the implied demand of resid equate to? 
 thx 
 can you program my steno in the offices like the ones on my desk? 
 Thanks...It just seems like all the time. 
 Andy: I just spoke to a guy named Neil Hanover.  He is a fund trader for a company in London.  He asked the head EOL marketer to give him a call about setting him up on the system.  Can you help? his number is 011 44 207 397 0840  john 
 please remind me 
 just called   they're on vacation for two weeks.......that sucks 
 hey: any interest in seeing cirque du soleil saturday? 
 Brian Hoskins is an analyst who rotated off the gas floor. Pete Keavey now reports to Scott Neal  My aa is Ina Rangel    Enron North America Corp. 
 Do you know my hr rep's name?    Jennifer Burns  10/23/2000 04:09 PM 
 pretty much all traders 
 you just might never get it back 
 No, i thought you would have known.  don't tell shank i told you.    Jennifer Burns  10/22/2000 07:24 PM 
 hey: what was the first cd we listened to on Wednesday at my place? john 
 still have not received credit for funds wired 11/16.  Please advise. 
 absolutely agree.  the thought is always, even if cash is piece of shit today...wait until the future.  here's my question: what is the environment whereby f/g is worth $.50.   is there a market scenario where this happens? 
 i heard he's interviewing to be Shankman's right hand man    Jennifer Burns  10/20/2000 02:12 PM 
 Andy: I tried to open EOL at 4 on Sunday, but we had systems problems that delayed the opening until 6:05.  This is the third time in four or five sessions when EOL had problems on Sunday.  Anything you can do to improve reliability would be appreciated. John 
 Adam: Hope your interview goes well.  Things are going crazy in the gas market so, unfotunately, I'm stuck at my desk and can't go up for interviews.  As far as the interview goes, my advise would be the same as any interview. Be confident.  Answer the question asked.  Don't be afraid to say you don't know but don't make excuses.  Express interest in why you find Enron appealing compared to the other 100 companies interviewing.  The trading training program is still in the works.  Few people outside the trading area are even aware of its existence at this point so I wouldn't ask any questions about it in the interviews.  If you receive an offer, it would probably be for a normal analyst position with the opportunity to enter the training program when you arrive.  Not sure about that last statement though.   The training program is geared towards our two most mature and pure trading business areas: gas and power.  There are still a large number of other trading spots in our developing commodities side that would not fall under the program.   That's a function of the program being developed by the head of these two businesses.  Not ready to take it corporate-wide yet.  Write me about how your interviews went. Good luck: John 
 Hello: I received this by mistake. 
 6 months severence minus any errors 
 if only i didn't have a position today I'd be ok 
 think you're pretty clever, don't you? 
 rajib: The following are my bids for the asian option: GQ 1 : .41 GQ 2 : .63 GQ 3 : .57 
 34 
 can you find out if the tech group has scheduled installation of a dsl line in my apartment? 
