e on my team sees the promotion as recognition of the value of the roles that we perform.  All that should make it easier to attract and retain talented people that make my job easier and more fun!  I will ask Patti to schedule some time for us to get together when I am back in the office next Monday.  Have a good week.  ---Sally 
 It's late and I am out of paper.  Please print message and attachment for me for Tuesday morning.  Thanks. 
 Thanks for your nice note.  --Sally 
 Thanks for your nice note.  I hope that within my team that they see the promotion as an indication that the work that we do is recognized as meaningful.  All of that helps me in recruiting and retaining talented people that make my job easier and more fun! 
 Thanks for your nice note.  Haven't seen you in a while - hope that all is going well for you.  --Sally 
 Thanks for your note.  I hope that things are going well for you at EBS.  I know that it must be busy.  --Sally 
 Congratulations on your promotion to Vice President.  What a nice recognition of your contributions to the success of EnronOnline.  --Sally 
 Had trouble finding your e:mail address the first time around for this memo. 
 I can access the global compensation system from London.  Today I have been able to log on and to review as read only the info that I submitted on Friday for bonus and LTI.  I assume that I will be able to access the screens for merits as well.  Please get back with me via e:mail and let me know our instructions and time deadlines for merit increases.  I will want to give my direct reports access to the system so that they can input their recommendations.  I will also want to send them an e:mail with instructions and expectations.  Having asked for more funds for the bonus pool, I would like for us to be within the guidelines for merit increases.  Outside this process, we can address any increases that may be warranted given the market data gathered by Todd Burke.  We can process those agreed upon requests, but will not include those dollars within our merit totals.  That way, won't have to request additional dollars for these worksheets.  Better not to ask for exceptions on everything!!!  What is the word on bonus dollars?  Is everything finalized as I submitted? Let me know.  If we need to talk directly, contact Patti for a number where you can reach me.  Thanks. 
 Thanks for your nice note.  I hope that you are having fun in your new role. We will have to schedule lunch so that I can catch up on what you are doing now.  --Sally 
 Thanks for your nice note.  I am pleased for all of us at the increased recognition of the roles that we play within the organizaiton.  My ability to do my job well is very dependent on those of you who play key roles in operations.  Thanks for your part in that and for your continued support. --Sally    Enron North America Corp. 
 Thanks for your note.  Yes, this definitely starts the year off nicely.  Hope your holidays were wonderful and that 2001 is a good year for you and your family, too.  --Sally 
 Enjoy the trip.  Two of our most fun vacations were at South Seas Planatation on Captiva Island.  Sorry that I didn't have time to respond to your e:mail from last week.  It will be great if you can use some of the baby stuff.  Yes, the bed and changing table match -- maple with a small amount of blue (not bright) trim on the bed and maple only on the changing table.  Our bedding could probably go either way, boy or girl.  If I remember correctly, the bumpers are red ticking trimmed in blue chambray and the dust skirt is red ticking with blue chambray and red bandana trim.  It's not as loud as it sounds - just take a look when you are here.  We also have a beautiful cradle (with bedding) for you to look at and a great baby swing.  As the baby gets older, we also have an entertainer - now takes the place of what we used to call walkers.  I am mailing you a Martha Stewart magazine on babies (yes, she does those, too!), as well as several cataloges that we get that have cute nursery items in them.  Yes, good news on Dad.  I hope that in the next few weeks that his medication will kick in and he will see some improvement.  It is highly likely that the infection could be a cause of many symptoms that he has had.  It is just great to have a good diagnosis and the proper treatment started.  I think that he dodged a bullet on this one.  We will look forward to seeing you and Chris for Thanksgiving.  No big plans yet.  I assume that everyone will be here by at least Wednesday night.  I have ordered a birthday cake from RJ Goodies to help celebrate all November birthdays that evening.  Am hoping that Mom and Dad may come over on Tuesday so that we can do some fun things on Wednesday during the day (always a great day to shop while everyone else is home getting ready for Thanksgiving!).  I will have the whole week off from work.  The kids are off starting on Wednesday.  It is possible that on Friday, David, Amanda and Tyler may drive to Longview to have a visit with his mom and family.  If you can stay, we could really plan something fun if I an partially childless!! 
 Patti:  Please forward this message to Tom Hopwood. =20  Tom:  The good (or bad) news was that I was here late enough to see the mem= o=20 come out on e:mail Friday night.  Most will see this on Tuesday after the= =20 holiday.  I did get a few calls tonight from a hardy few that were still he= re=20 in the office.  I will call you when I am back from London.  Thanks for all= =20 of your help this week on the two meetings.  --Sally=20 
 The promotional memo came out a few hours too late today for me to be able to mention it when we talked this afternoon.  Congratulations on your promotion to managing director!  --Sally 
 The promotional memo came out a couple of hours too late for me to be able to mention it to you on the phone this afternoon.  Congratulations on your promotion to Managing Director.  --Sally 
 Congratulations on your promotion to Managing Director.  I have the dubious honor of being here late enough on Friday night to have seen the arrival of the promotional memo via e:mail.  I will be in the London office next week and I believe that we have some time scheduled together.  I look forward to the chance to visit with you then.  --Sally 
 Just wanted to drop you a note to let you know that I will be in the London office during the week of January 15.  I will arrive just after lunch on Monday and plan to be there through Thursday.  Much of my time will be spent with Fernley and Mike Jordan.  If you have a few minutes while I am in town, it would be great to get with you to hear if there is anything that is of particular concern or interest to you in supporting the continuing growth of your business in 2001.  I will stop by while I am in the office.  --Sally 
 Congratulations on your promotion to Vice President.  Well deserved, and a nice recognition of your contributions to the success of the Calgary office. --Sally 
 Congratulations on your promotion to Vice President!  Well deserved and a nice way to cap off your stay in London.  I look forward to celebrating with you in London next week.  --Sally 
 I will be working in the London office Monday through Thursday, January 15 - 18 and will be be flying back to Houston on Friday, January 19.  My assistant, Patti Thompson (x39106), has a contact numbers for me in London. I will be checking voice mail and e:mail regularly while I am there.  Key contacts in Houston next week will be:  DPR and MPR   Shona Wilson   x39123  Gas Operations   Jeff Gossett    x37306 (in Chicago office Jan. 16 & 17) Bob Hall    x36956  Power Operations  Stacey White   x31870 Leslie Reeves   x37962 
 Cathy:  I will be working in the London office during the week of January 15, so I will not be at the staff meeting on January 16.  --Sally 
 I don't think that the doorstep reviews are the right venue for this.  I believe that to address what seems to be David's concerns would be better handled with an appropriate person deemed to lead a special project in a directed timeframe with a well defined scope.  We purposefully utilize differing personal on the doorstep reviews and it would seem that concerns over proper valuation should be addresses in a timeframe that is not dependent on the schedule of doorstep reviews around the world. 
 Mark Frevert has reviewed the attached addition to the upcoming organizational memo and has asked that I forward it to you to be included. This would be included in the section under Commercial Support, added as an additional bullet point beneath the one that addresses Business Analysis and Reporting (I believe that these bullet points are on Page 3 of the draft memo).  Please call me at x35926 if you have any questions. 
 Please print attachment and make sure that e:mail addresses are included for the students.  Call Ted if any problems.  Thanks. We will need this to send invitations to students and Ted (plus some Enron folks) to a tour of Enron Field and dinner on January 31.  Let's talk about arranging details.  thanks. 
 Leslie:  Can you attend this meeting for me?  I will be in London.  Patti:  Can you get time and location for Leslie and let them know that she will be there instead of me?  Thanks. 
 Yes, just call Wanda and let her know that Rick has asked that we add EES Houston to the Doorstep review schedule.  In keeping with other reviews, I would not necessarily give Wanda the dates.  We should also send a short memo to Kevin and Marty to fill them in on the process and purpose of the reviews.  I should probably send that to them.  Can you remind me when I am back in town the week of January 22?  Thanks.    Enron North America Corp. 
 I will be thinking about you and Brenda over the weekend and know that you will both be glad for her to return home.  I have mentioned to you before, Hector, that an Enron friend has dealt with a brain tumor successfully.  That is Barbara Gray, an attorney in ENA's Legal Department.  Barbara counsels patients and their families who are facing situations similar to hers.  If you feel like you would like to talk with someone who can understand on a more firsthand basis what you and Brenda are facing, I would encourage you to contact Barbara.  In addition to having been through her own battle with a brain tumor, she is simply a wonderful person whom I know you would enjoy meeting.  I have mentioned your situation to her, and she would certainly welcome a conversation with you.  I will be in the London office next week, so we will have to coordinate on merit increases from there.  I will be back in the office on Monday, January 22.  -Sally    Enron North America Corp. 
 It will be good to use your knowledge of the business in helping EIM to grow.  I hope that you enjoy your new rotation.  --Sally 
 I will be in London the week of January 15th.  I understand from Beth that you and Frank will be in Spain on Monday night.  Beth and I plan to have dinner that night.  Will you be back in town later in the week?  I have business plans for dinner on Tuesday and Thursday.  Could you make dinner on Wednesday night (the 17th)?  There is an Enron happy hour for Beth that I will stop by at 6:30 that night, but I expect to be free after that.  I have a belated Christmas gift for you.  Hope we can get together!  --Sally  PS  Am staying at 47 Park. 
 Please put details of this meeting on my calendar.  Thanks. 
 Please put this on your calendars - I would like for both of you to attend. Should Jeff and Stacey be there, too?  This will be a meeting that we should have regularly with Wes and team so that can jointly review any exposures and make timely decisions on how to handle those.  I am sure that there is some prep work that needs to be done for this meeting.  I would assume that we should cover A/R, UA4, imbalances, weird or over/undervalued deals in risk books, OA, etc.  Can you work with Greg and Georgeanne ahead of time on content and have necessary back up to discuss highlights.  I would love for us take charge and lead this meeting.  --Sally 
 There isn't much to the memo, but this is it!  It came out well after the e= nd=20 of the work day for most folks.  I believe that Patti has sent you my trave= l=20 plans for next week.  Have a great weekend!=20 
 Thanks for the note.  I certainly know by responses that I am getting tonight who is in the office late!  I was told that the memo would come out today - you just had to be here at dinner time to see it!  I am really pleased about how we have been able to improve the perception of what our group does and its importance to the organization.  And yes, we need more female names on these lists!  --Sally   Tana Cashion @ ENRON   01/12/2001 07:43 PM 
