ce areas surveyed after the original survey was completed.  The F-1 environmental document for the FERC application will be submitted to Donna by this friday.   The air permit applications for C/S 1 and 2 have been started.   I have a meeting with EPA in San Francisco to discuss permitting the C/S facilities on the reservation on 3/20.  Im going to try and move this meeting up if possible.  After the meeting, I should be able to have an application in front of the Navajo air permitting agency and the EPA within a week.  Based upon experience with the state of Arizona, EPA and the Navajo Nation, expect permit approval within 5-7 months after submittal of the application. 
 I was just informed by the Navajo Nation that prior to receiving approval from the agency fo rthe installation of the turbines, an archeology survey is to be performed at each compressor station site.  Be advised that an archeologist will be present at sta. 3 on 3/ 9 this friday in the am and at sta. 4 on 3/12 monday also in the am to conduct the required surveys.  Please have someone from each team present at each location during the surveys and allow access to the facility by the archeologist.  The survey should only last 3-4 hours.  Donna, I spoke to the Navajo Nation about expiditing the report submittal once the archeological surveys have been completed and the Nation  said that under their current regulations, assuming that there are no cultural resources identified at either location, they are allowed 30 days to review the findings before they are required to issue the final report.  She didnt think it would take this long, but said that due to existing surveys back logs, and personnel, it might.  Ill keep the pressure on.  The Navajo Nation F&W has not returned my call about what they might require.  Birds of a feather...  Ill be persistent here also.......and let you know when I find out something.......... 
 Bill, things have pretty much quieted down on Rogas as compared to the last couple of weeks, but heres whats new:  A meeting has been scheduled on 3/16 with the California Fish and Game to discuss the following issues:  1)presentaiton of the 1999 and 2000 annual reports which are required by the facility's 2081 permit. 2) developing an agreement with F&G as to how the 41 acre credits held by EOTT will be managed to ensure compliance with requirements of the F&G. 3) Presentation of the results relating to surveys conducted in the path of construction for the Rogas project.  The waiver to lay pipeline above ground for the Rogas constsruction was approved by the Offfice of the State Fire Marshall, Pipeline Safety Division.  There were 8 city, county, state and federal agencies notified by application for approval to construct the 9 mile pipline system consisting of 3 piplines.  This is the only agency approval received as yet.  Acre credits were obtained from Aera for the construction of the Rogas pipeline.  Aera is an oil company with major holdings of acreage available for purchase.  It was felt that due to the time constraints for initiating this project and the concern with not receiving the credits from the F&G that EOTT would purchase Aera credits to ensure procurement of the necessary acreage for the Rogas project.  This is a major plus for the project. 
