acting you about interviewing him next week..  A number of folks are interested in Carlos!  Thanks for the response.  Michelle 
 Mark, as an update, I am meeting with Carlos tomorrow.  He will interview with a number of folks next week, including Sheila, Barbara, Alan, and Dan (all of whom expressed an interest in talking with him about working in their groups).  Assuming all goes well, I'll schedule a meeting with you after that.  Michelle 
 Fran,  What was the resolution of the payments  to the LRC people?  Michelle 
 Thanks!  Michelle 
 Will do, sorry you're working so late! 
 Gene, sorry I didn't cc you on this.  Here is the info.  Have a great weekend!  Michelle 
 Please ask Kristen Walsh if they can find him in Dallas.  Then, let's re-send it.  Thanks.  Michelle     Enron North America Corp. 
 What is the answer?  Michelle 
 Jeff, Good luck with the EES rotation.  I would like to clarify one thing: at this point, I don't know for sure if we are having law students work with us during the summer.  Why don't you check with me in April or May to see whether we are hiring summer associates.  If so, you are welcome to go through the interview process.  Thanks.  Michelle      Jeff M Gray @ ENRON  12/08/2000 09:40:49 AM 
 Let me know if you would have any interest in talking with this candidate. Michelle 
 Dan,  I have been working with James McMillan on the LNG project in Venezuela.  I would like to have some additional information about structure, project company, etc., and figured you would know where I could obtain that information.  Thanks.  Michelle 
 please print this plus attached in color.  Thanks.  Michelle 
 please do a consulting agreeement with this group.  Michelle 
 Never mind about the scarf -- My mother got one for him. Michelle 
 Dean, to whom did you send the package last week? 
 Dean, do you have any information to respond to the highlighted portions? Thanks!  Michelle 
 Hello, everyone.  Please let me know which of these dates works best for you.  It would be most helpful if you give me a range of available dates for both preparation and the deposition itself.  That way, I can find overlapping dates on which you all are available.  Thanks a lot.  Michelle 
 fyi.  mhc 
 Sharon, Mark has said he sees no problem with this.  Do you have any thoughts?  Michelle 
 Is this for Diane?  Thanks.  Michelle 
 sounds good.  I do plan to attend if you have a meeting!  MHC 
 I was trying to lowball it!  Michelle 
 I understand that Nigel is working this one.  MHC 
 please handle for me.  thanks.  mhc 
 please handle.  thanks.  mhc 
 please handle for me.  thanks. mhc 
 please handle for me.  thanks.  mhc 
