e 
 Barry need your 2000 accomplishment and Enron resume/deal anthology before Friday  Thanks Dave 
 Janet, need 2000 accomplishments and Enron resume/deal anthology for Ben Jacoby and Ed McMichael before Friday - please follow up.  Regards Delainey 
 Guys, need your 2000 acoomplishments before Friday.  Regards Delainey 
 Chris, I need your 2000 accomplishments and Enron resume/deal anthology before Friday.  Thxs Dave 
 Chris, sounds good - a) Wes will work with you on earnings recognition issues for Pastoria and b) selling the LM's and the LV Cogen asset is a good call regardless of the hit.  Some accounting flexibility on the LV hit may be worthwhile.  Value protected counts just as much as new value created - you are doing the right thing.  Regards Delainey 
 Attached please find the final presentation for the board meeting tommorrow. I assume that RAC will have the resolutions and DASH.  Regards Delainey 
 This should be sent from John and me - Enron Americas, Office of the Chairman to all commercial and support employees in Enron North America.  In addition, copy to Joe Kishkill, Orlando Gonzales, Brett Wiggs and Remi Collognes in Enron South America.  As well, include Jeff Shankman, Mike McConnell, Jeff McMahon, Ray Bowen, Louise Kitchen, Phillipe Bibi, Rebecca McDonald, Jim Hughes, Mark Frevert, Greg Whalley.  Please ensure that I am able to proof the final copy before distributing.  I would like to have this by Wednesday night in everyone's e-mail Thursday morning.  Regards Dave 
 Rebecca, lets just go forward with HPL on Thursday - Tex Mex, after going through with the deal team, still has some issues to be resolved.  We will push this into Q1.  The HPL deal is anticipated to be signed on Thursday afternoon or Friday morning.  Regards Delainey 
 Rebecca. attached you will find the presentation for the HPL deal.  Please forward to Jeff.  If you have any questions or comments do not hesitate to give me a call.  Regards Delainey 
 yes thxs dave 
 Randy, looks like a good solution - well done.  Regards Delainey 
 Guys, the outside date on termination due to force majeure was moved to October 31,2002.  It is our risk to construct the pipeline;however, it is a breach of contract if Petrobras does not have gas at the site by April 30, 2002.  Regards Delainey 
 Guys, attached you will find a draft org memo that I anticpate going out on Thursday.  I appreciate your patience.  Please give me any comments ASAP (only major issues).  Brian/Tim, I assume that we need a communication strategy to HPL employees before this memo goes out - please advise.  Please keep this note confidential until release.  Regards Delainey 
 Brett, this looks fine.  Regards Delainey 
 As I had indicated before please work through me or Brett - otherwise we risk our ability to move them - please forward appropriately.  Regards Delainey 
 Janet, please have someone draft up a short speech for this function.  Regards Delainey 
 Brett, under the assumption that we are not over-paying for the land and that the site has option value beyond the Petrobras deal, I am ok with the purchase.  Regards Delainey 
 Patrick, there are two pages missing (ie) Earnings & ROCE.  Regards Delainey 
 Guys, I assume you are keeping an eye on "California East".  Any help you can give Kevin would be much appreciated.  Regards Delainey 
 Kay, can you set up some time - perhaps in the new year for a lunch - my office should be fine.  Regards Delainey 
 fyi 
 David, good to hear from you - I am sure we will cross paths in your career with Enron.  All the best Delainey 
 FYI see attached    Regards Delainey 
 Angela,  Is Dave supposed to be involved in this ?????  I just happened to be in Dave's email looking for something for him........I saw your name and thought maybe I'd better see if this was something I needed to put on his calendar.....As a rule, I do not go into Dave's  email unless I am told or looking for something that someone has requested me to print and give to him.....so, if you need something to be put on his calendar, please copy me on it or chances are I may or may not find out about it...  Thanks,  Kay 
 Stuart, only New Albany and Doyle would be left.  As you have indicated, Doyle is 100% committed to Ogelthorpe.  Regards Delainey 
 fyi 
 fyi 
 Ben, please discuss with Dave Duran - he will be responsible for our coal generation strategy.  Regards Delainey 
 Mike, I will try and call you on Monday - I spoke to Kish about Arcor - he is working on it.  Hang in there ....  Regards Delainey 
 Attached please find the invitation for the Las Vegas Offsite to be held at the Venetian from December 13-16, 2000.   Please go online and fill out the information to confirm your attendance.  Please note:  Travel must be made through this attached invitation.    Las Vegas   http://www.xopix.com/enron/url_vegas_invite05.swf 
 FYI/action 
 Please take a minute and select your reviewers for the PRC process.  Thanks,  Kay 
 FYI/action re: DeMoes 
 You guys need to manage this....... 
