would make it much easier.  Ami Chokshi decided that she would leave the co. this week.  She is heading of to San Fran.  No job or any specific plans yet, but it's always something whe has wanted to do.  It would be nice to be able to pick up and do something like that.  How's everything else going for you and the family.  We are all doing pretty good.  I actually took last week off.  The only plans I had were to spend time with the family.  It was great!  It really drove the point home that I need to stop letting people/things around here set my proiorities.  Anyway, would you be able to come down for lunch on Friday?  I'm sure it's been a while since you've had your Treebeard's.  Let me know.  Sorry I haven't talked to you much.  I'm going to end up losing all my friends if I don't change my ways.   D 
 FYI.  I changed the pricing on the September deal (#386540) to IF HSC-.05 from HSC GD.  D 
 JM,  Is the contract for this deal still valid?  I want to roll the deal for Sep and Oct.  D 
 You're right.  I have corrected the ticket.  D 
 done    Enron North America Corp. 
 I have created two new deals in Sitara.  You will need to get with someone in Volume Management to reallocate volumes from the old tickets to the new deals for Jan-Sep.  The Logistics group will be able to adjust October forward.  Deal #s:  144052 --> 440092 144049 --> 440093  Let me know if you have any questions.  D 
 Consumer Price Index 
 JM,  The message below is related to deal #138094.  According to Joan, October is the last month for this deal.  However, the evergreen flag is activated in Sitara and a new line has been created for November.  Can you look into this please?  D 
 Has this been resolved?  D 
 Diane,  I apologize for getting this to you so late.  I should have no staffing additions next year.  Staff  Manager 1 Sr.  2 Average to High  Training  Both Seniors should attend 1 personal enrichment class (Effective Communication) and 1 Technical class.  I think that everything else should roll for next year. Let me know what else I need to give you.  D 
 BH,  I plan to be on vacation July 5-6 (finally) and on the customer trip on the 7th.  While I am out, Gary Hanks will be keeping our position during trading.  Stacey will be in charge of everything else.  I am comfortable that everything will be covered.  I will be back in town Thursday night.  The primary flight for the customer trip leaves around 11:30.  Others leave at 3:30 and 5:30(?).   The latest idea we had is that Pat would take a later flight on this trip and I will take a later flight on the August trip, allowing one of us to be in the office for half the day.  I can also come in for the half day on the 7th if we decide that is needed.  D 
 I created deal #439909 for August.  Jeff - I am assuming that the price for August is Gas Daily.  Currently, we have the September deal priced at Gas Daily also.  Since this was flowing on the first, should the price be at Inside Ferc HSC for September?  D 
