l that the key timetable issue for the incremental 10,000/day appears to be lead time on fabrication and delivery of the 15,000hp motor.  It was my understanding that the long lead time items were going to be ordered shortly (if they haven't been already) and that we'd take the financial risk.  If that is our approach, the regulatory approvals won't be the critical path item they usually are.  I've reviewed the FERC application and we should be able to file it shortly, perhaps with a request for temporary emergency certification if we decide that would expedite things.  Additionally, we are looking at transactions that would allow us to avoid physically hauling the 20,000/day of fuel down the San Juan lateral. If we could unload our fuel requirement from the San Juan, the additional horsepower at Gallup might provide some additional flexibility or additional capacity.   I'll talk to Steve today to make sure we are doing everything possible to expedite these efforts.  DF 
 Here is the latest on timetable on Gallup.  Susan, please get your edits on the draft to Donna and me by tomorrow.  (call me if you need more guidance on what I have in mind).   Donna or Keith, please let me know what additioonal information you are waiting on and what the likely timetable for filing is. Also, Keith, what was the answer from ops/planning on whether unloading the 20,000 of fuel from the San Juan would help with more flexibility or capacity?  If you haven't been able to get a meaningful answer, let me know who to call and I'll try. 
 When you guys give me a new computer, can I get a (smaller) laptop with some kind of docking station???  I don't need a desktop if I get a good laptop.. I'd suggest we keep the IBM laptop as the department's roving laptop if it is upgradable to Windows 2000.  Thanks.  DF 
 Danny, I'm resending as I had the same problem Cindy did.  I'll give you a call later today after I've talked to Harris to discuss the various Gallup scenarios to make sure you and I are on the same page.   The plan that makes the most sense in my mind is to ram the 10,000/d  project through asap, with no firm contracts to preserve our options on a NEWCO structure.  We'll simultaneously implement a new approach on San Juan fuel transport if possible and then throw the big expansion into the hopper at FERC in January as Stan suggested.  I hope that timetable is doable--it all depends on planning/ops deciding what they want to build and then clearing our financial hurdles.   DF 
 Way cool.  DF 
 Latest Tino-gram:  Apparently high power prices at 4 Corners have DOE excited about the project all of a sudden.  The latest configuration is in the 300-380 mw range.  Tino needs us to check if the ENA guys would be interested in buying the surplus capacity on a demand charge basis (I think these are basically tolling agreements--ENA would pay a monthly capacity reservation charge per KW of capacity and then pay actual fuel and variable cost for power that is actually dispatched)  $7/kw if the thing is simple cycle or $10/kw if combined cycle.  Variable cost would be $.005/kwh and fuel is whatever it is--ENA's problem.   I'm trying to get ahold of Tino to confirm, but I think these are prices at the plant, not FOB 4 Corners.  Please give me a call and see if you can get a quick reaction from our ENA guys.  Thanks.  DF 
 Cool.  Do we have any most favored nations problem when we start doing backhaul service or have we already crossed that bridge with the EFBH deal? DF 
 Is the difference between the first two cases and the second two cases the higher 775 lb suction pressure that we hope we could get from pigging the line?  If so, does this email say anything about whether we could get 10,000mmbtu/d to the Cal. border assuming the pigging successfully gets us to 775 lbs?  Lets talk to McShane tomorrow.  Thanks.. DF  e 
 Absolutely.  I got a report yesterday on the 30-40 million/day that Phil and his guys may be able to squeeze out of the system with debottlenecking etc. We'll be ready to go to expedite any approvals that may be necessary on that project.  On the quick 10 million/day that we've been working on, there's a potential alternative to building more Gallup horsepower that may get us the 10 million much quicker and at a lower cost.  Steve Harris and I talked about it yesterday and I hope we can run it to ground in a day or two.  We will be ready to file at FERC shortly on the 15,000 hp at Gallup if the alternative doesn't pan out.  We'll look at combining the 30-40 mm/d project with the Gallup compression for FERC filing purposes.  DF 
 Pls get me in on the meetings with Galasinsi and Mcchane. df 
 Julie--pls forward to Danny.  I've had trouble the last couple of days getting emails to go through to him.  Am I doing something wrong? 
 I have been typing in his name and letting the computer address it.  I've now added his "@enron.com" address to my address book, so lets see if that does the trick.  Thanks!  DF 
 I'm glad to have Tino talk to him direct--tee it up that way if you can. Tino's new number is 913-441-1800 (ext. 109).  Thanks Kevin and have a great holiday!! DF 
 I'm out the 28th but am glad to discuss today or the 27th if there is anything else I can add on the subject.  Thanks. dF 
 Colder than shit on Fri-Sun.  Nice tomorrow.  I'm getting the urge to play hooky.  DF 
 Do we need to give notice to customers before we shut in receipt points due to off-spec gas?  Sec. 44 of the NN tariff implies to me that if a customer's gas has too much water, for example, we can shut it in at any time without notice.  Please confirm ASAP.  DF 
 Lets talk about this on the 4th or 5th.  I'll have Martha set up a meeting.= =20 Note that this will catch the Sempra negotiated rate deals, but not our=20 January deals (yet).  DF 
