essage and resume.  I am waiting for a return call from a person in our IT group.  I'll let you know what he says.  DG 
 Bryce,  I'll get it done today.  DG    3-9573 
 You can get good speaker packages, but many of them are not really good. I'll bring some magazines that have articles on some good speaker sets.  You can also just put your own package together.  If you do this make sure the speakers are of the same brand.  This is what I did for Scott.  Many of the speaker packages use  5 small speakers and a sub.  But I suggested larger front L&R speakers to Scott for playing music.  Any decent receiver will have a decoder built in.  And I do have some brand names, but it really depends on how much you are willing to spend.  I'll go through my stash of magazines tonight and see what I can find for you to read.  DG 
 We are updating the pricing today.  I'll let you know when it's finished.  DG 
 I changed the deal to $14,028  DG 
 We granted a total of $320K ($220K to you and $100K to credit reserve) by mistake.  We will take the extra $100K in orig from you tonight.  I appologize for the error.  DG 
 No, I sent the email to you by mistake.  We will be at Sheri's tomorrow.  How do you know her?  Is it through Dawn?  When Sheri sent the message to everyone, I noticed your name on the list and called to ask, but you didn't pick up, and I didn't leave a message.  DG 
 I won't blame you if you don't get that requested info to me.  I migrated to Windows 2000 and it had an old address book.  Sorry.  DG 
 Done.  DG 
 Irena,  One thing that would help me out the most is when new people start in the group, we have all of their applications and passwords ready to go.  Other than that, I think you guys do a great job.  Thanks.  DG 
 Everything is OK over here.  I heard about the spring game.  31K is alot of people for a game that doesn't count.  Who is buying your company?  If it goes south, I'm sure I can get you on over here.  Let me know how it turns out.  We need to get together for lunch again.  Can you on Friday?  DG 
 Grant is gonna be pissed!  DG 
