th the referenced counterparty amending the Electronic Trading Agreement .  Copies will be distributed. 
 We have received the executed copy of the amendment dated April 5, 2000 to the Electronic Trading Agreement with the referenced counterparty.  Copies will be distributed. 
 We have received fully executed copies of the following Confidentiality Agreements:  Energy Argus, Inc. dated April 5, 2000  AccuWeather, Inc. dated April 4, 2000  Copies have been faxed to the counterparties.  I will also send copies to Dave Samuels for your files. 
 Attached is the referenced list.  Again, my note about credit derivatives not being marked, and also, I am still not responding for Australia yet on a going forward basis. 
 Are we trading with the referenced counterparty? 
 Russell,  In the future please put me on all notices about counterparty trading.  I am responsible for the Legal Department's approval of online counterparties across all product areas and need to know any limitations that might affect a counterparties' ability to trade.  Thanks! 
 Troy Black called me about that C.A. I passed on to you.  He said he needed it to go out today and also passed on words from the counterparty to the effect that the C.A. was "non-negotiable and that if we had any comments they need to be minor, or forget about it..."  There you have it! 
 We have executed a Letter Agreement dated April 10, 2000 amending the Electronic Trading Agreement with the referenced counterparty.  Copies will be distributed. 
 She seemed very nice, like she would make a good employee.  I spoke to Liz Sager who, although she didn't directly work with her, got report from her old law firm of people that did, and Liz said to was extremely well liked, and very energetic. 
 I have a letter on its way to Mike Moscoso right now (interoffice mail).  We requested 5000 for nat gas any one month, but were only approved for an additional 2000.  So we went from 15,000 to 17,000.  Welcome back! 
 Attached is an updated list of the Confidentiality Agreements. 
 Attached please find the referenced lists.  I am not sending the list for 4/5/00 because all of the counterparties on that list were Credit declines. I have responded for Australia Legal on the 4/7/00 list.  Remember, no credit derivatives approved unless specifically indicated (which none are). 
 We do have it signed.  However, the Company's name was not correct in the agreement so I spoke to Wayne Greenberg and it said it was okay to go ahead and change the name on the C.A. he signed, and I just wanted to get a copy back from him initialled by the name change so we have a record of his agreement. 
 Bob, can you send me a copy of the EnronOnline confirm so I can prepare this.  Thanks! 
 Per Lotus Notes it appears that the above counterparty was acquired by Duke. I have sitting in my files the originals of both theirs and our guarantees. Do we want to keep these in place, mutually cancel them or what?  We sent execution documents to the counterparty and never heard back and put it on the inactive status. 
 I have not received any feedback from Edmund or David regarding the email below.  Can you please respond as I am getting daily prompts for a response. MUCH THANKS!  For Matt, your email stated that you trade over the IPE & NYMEX.  What rules, besides the rules of those two exchanges, might apply to any on or off exchange trades you might enter into.  For instance, here in the U.S. energy commodity trades might be governed by the CFTC, where out equity options might be governed by the SEC.  Besides the exchanges your email reflected, what other governmental rules or regulations would govern trades you might enter into? 
 I have not been getting a response from my outside the U.S. attorneys, so I just emailed them a reminder again, and tried to make them feel really guilty.  I hope that works! 
 Actually, we girls have that built in guilt gene, it just improves with age...but do I need to speak to your mother?  Is there anything you would like to confess...? 
 What can I say...?! 
 fax: ( 713) 646-3490 
 David,  What Australian laws besides the rules of the exchange would govern the trades? 
 Can you please prepare a print out for us of all the financial masters your records reflect and what type of agreement we have executed .  Thanks! 
 FYI,  To date, we have executed 21 amendments to ETA's. 
 We have received the fully executed Confidentiality Agreement from the referenced counterparty and I have faxed it to counterparty today.  A copy will be sent to Dave. 
 Thanks for your response!  On online, when there are Australian counterparties I will just wait to hear from you and include your responses with mine (even tho you will  probably tell me they can only trade Australian power!).  Do you have a back up yet? 
 Oops, what a surprise!  When I went to file away my file on the CFTC Form 40, I noticed I already had a file in the regulatory cabinet where where had filed the form in 1995 and 1997.  Maybe we have to file these every other year? 
 We have received the executed Termination Agreement dated as of April 10, 2000 terminating the referenced trade.  Per the request of Jennifer de Boisblanc Denny, this termination was prepared because the customer hit the same product twice on EOL and two exact transactions were entered into the system.  I will send the original (fax) down to Bob Bowen for handling. 
 Attached is the referenced agreement.  Please do not hesitate to call me if I can be of any further assistance.  I am a paralegal in the Legal Dept.  My direct phone no is (713) 853-3399. 
 Mike,  Could you add two new categories of products to the database for me.  That would include the "Yes, Yes with Limits, and No" buttons and also a comment screen for the new products.  The two new products are:  Credit Derivatives and Bandwidth  Thanks!  By the way, I can't figure out how to move the Portland masters off the master swap list.  I think I am going to need your help with that. 
 will someone be sending us the report? 
 I look forward to seeing you!  As soon as I get the recipes, I'll forward them on! 
 Who is Legal requested the master? 
 Carol St. Clair had her assistant reserve EB46C1 on May 24 from 11:30 -2:00 for our luncheon.  Can you please confirm that that date is good for your group and also the total head count.  Suzanne will take care of ordering lunch for us.  Thanks! 
 Effective March 1, 2000, Aquila Energy acquired the assets of USGT (U.S. Gas Transportation Inc.) , with the acquiring entity being USGT/Aquila L.P.  USGT has assigned the Electronic Trading Agreement it executed with ENA to USGT/Aquila L.P.  A copy of the assignment will be forwarded to Frank Davis. 
 That envelope should probably go to Rob Milnthorp.  I'll have a copy walked down to John Lavorato here.  It is a list of all of our NYMEX positions, and the list should be provided by Rob to any traders trading NYMEX out of Canada. 
 What's your pleasure on the below guarantees? 
 I have nothing but the counterparty's request for assignment. 
 We have received the executed Confidentiality Agreement with the referenced counterparty dated April 12, 2000.  A copy will be sent to Dave Samuels. 
 Attached please find the referenced list.  For Tosco Refining Company, it should be set up as Tosco Refining Company, a division of Tosco Corporation. We need to get the incorporated entity on the hook. 
 There is an Australian counterparty on today's list. 
 No conflict with me.  I sent the date of the 24th to Anthony and asked him to confirm it with his people and get back to me. 
 Per our conversation, attached is the form of Amendment to the ETA, revised to reflect your correct name.  Also, while I was revising the document, I added today's date, and the page number and footer reflecting the document name.  Call me again at (713) 853-399 if you have any more questions, otherwise, I will await your fax of the signed amendment and bring it to one of our officers for signature. 
 Can you please add David Minns, a lawyer from our Australia office as an auhorized person with full privileges to the Master Swap Agreement Database (of course, only I should have keyword change and deletion ability). 
 tana jones will attend 
 Is your counterparty on today's list approved? 
 Edmund,  You are the only person I have now not heard from.  When can I expect to get your response? 
