e being.  We can put it on a back-burner till he gets here.  Vince  P.S. The relevant section.  I also spoke about Anshuman, and there was resistance to his leaing for such a long time.  However, I have agreement from folks here to send him to Houston for a shorter stint on DPC budget.  I will try to finalize that before I leave.  I will call you in the evening to just chat. 
 Steve,  No problem. It was a very short meeting (most people were out). Yes, I will be in Houston during the week of the conference. See you in Austin and in Houston.  Vince 
 Dziekuje za szybka  odpowiedz. Czy mozliwa jest platnosc czekiem?  Jako alternatywne rozwiazanie prosze podac mi cene w zlotych i moja rodzina w kraju dokona przelewu.  Prosze o kopie odpowiedzi na adres:  vkaminski@aol.com.  Dziekuje.  W. Kaminski 
 Eugenio,  Done.  Vince 
 Khairuddin,  Yes, it's correct. We have experienced problems replying to a number of messages sent by your organization (not just your E-mail address). I shall send you the list of people who will attend the meeting at a later day. We shall have representatives from the crude and LNG trading desks, research and risk control.  Could you, please, resend me the list of your delegates.  Vince  I have invited a number 
 Clayton,  Great news. I would like to sit down with you, Tom and Stinson and review where we are with  this project. Also, I would like to talk to you about your status (finalizing the transfer to another group).  Vince      Clayton Vernon @ ENRON 01/18/2001 03:21 PM 
 Bryan  Please, take a look at the resume of Howard Haughton. He looks like an answer to your prayers. It's the first attachment.  Vince  P.S. Jeff, the headhunter, can be reached at (949) 813 2241. Please, set up the interview, if interested, through him. 
 Jeff,  Please, take a look at the resume I got from my friend.  Vince  P.S. what follows is a copy of his message to me:  Dear Vincent,  I very much would like to ask you for a career advice. I am looking for new challenges and new professional opportunities. Possibly there would be such opportunity around yourself  at Enron Corporation.  I trust that my strongest asset is my intellectual capital and ability to look from new angles into complex issues. Beside of the experience of working under Jacob Goldfield an Paul Jacobson at Goldman on the interest rate swaps and proprietary desks, I was a part of research effort of John Meriwether group at Salomon Brothers, I headed the European interest options desk at DKBI in London and I have managed a small hedge fund in partnership with Albert Friedberg.  I hold Ph.D. in mathematics from MIT and I have studied under Nobel Laureate in Economics, Bob Merton.  I very much would like to apply my knowledge of capital markets, trading and research in the field of energy markets.  With my very best regards and personal wishes,  Mark Kierlanczyk Godel Partners LLC 67 Wall Street, Suite 1901 New York, NY 10005 Tel 212 943 5300 mkierlanczyk@fmginy.com 
 John,  This is a resume I received today from  my friend. Please, take a look at it. What follows below is a copy of his message to me:   Dear Vincent,  I very much would like to ask you for a career advice. I am looking for new challenges and new professional opportunities. Possibly there would be such opportunity around yourself  at Enron Corporation.  I trust that my strongest asset is my intellectual capital and ability to look from new angles into complex issues. Beside of the experience of working under Jacob Goldfield an Paul Jacobson at Goldman on the interest rate swaps and proprietary desks, I was a part of research effort of John Meriwether group at Salomon Brothers, I headed the European interest options desk at DKBI in London and I have managed a small hedge fund in partnership with Albert Friedberg.  I hold Ph.D. in mathematics from MIT and I have studied under Nobel Laureate in Economics, Bob Merton.  I very much would like to apply my knowledge of capital markets, trading and research in the field of energy markets.  With my very best regards and personal wishes,  Mark Kierlanczyk Godel Partners LLC 67 Wall Street, Suite 1901 New York, NY 10005 Tel 212 943 5300 mkierlanczyk@fmginy.com 
 Jarek,  Dziekuje za informacje.  Ksiazka wyglada interesujaco. Czy moglbys kupic mi jedna kopie i wyslac to do Houston (FedEx lub DHL)? Mozesz obciazyc moje RC: CO# is 0413, and RC# is 107043.  Jaki jest Twoj numer telefonu? Zadzwonie do Ciebie i mozemy porozmawiac o o tym , co sie dzieje na rynku i w firmie.  Wicek 
 Karen,  I shall attend the conference, both days.  Vince Kaminski 
 Khairuddin,  I am glad you received the fax. I shall send you the list of Enron's participants at a later date. I have invited a numbers of  Enron employees representing our different business units, including LNG and crude trading, risk controls group and research.  Vince Kaminski 
 Celeste,  I am a very good customer of your group.  This is another student (this time from Chicago) I would be glad to take into the group as an intern. The resume is attached at the bottom of this message.  Vince 
 Vasant,  I shall take 2 thin  mints and one apple cinnamon.  Vince 
 JIm,  Yes, I would be very interested.  Vince 
 Pam,  Thanks. The list of E-mail addresses would be useful as well.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
 Becky,  We proably need to meet for a few minutes to explain the way I estimated charges.  Vince 
 Kristin,  I shall be tied up with the Wharton group all day Friday. I am forwarding the message to some members of the Research Group. I hope some of them will be available.  Vince  P.S. To the Research Group. Can you, please, help Kristin?    Enron North America Corp. 
 FYI  Vince 
 Angela,  Thanks for your message. I shall be glad to attend the conference, both days. I shall call Dr. Ronn to discuss my participation.  Vince Kaminski 
 Shirley,  No problem.  Vince 
 Ron,  FYI  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, put it on my schedule.  Vince 
 Vincent,  I have forwarded the resume to our Analysts / Associate pool with a recommendation to accept David as a summer intern.  I expressed interest in taking him into my group. He may, of course, work for a different unit of Enron. It's up to him and I shall not be offended if he would like to go into trading or deal origination.  Vince 
 Celeste,  I am sending you the resume of David Gershenson, an MBA student from Wharton. He is interested in a summer internship with Enron and I shall be glad to take him.  Vince 
 Christie,  John Henderson committed in principle to speaking to the Tigers. Please, send him the location info and conform the time (2:00 p.m.).  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, try the E-mail address below.  Vince   --------------- 
 Hi John,  You have a very attractive family. You must be a very  proud father and husband.  Vince 
 John,  I am sending you an old write-up on the risk management system. This is for "your eyes only", though this info is out already. Some people left the company and also the consultants who audited the model use these ideas.   Vince 
 Richard,  Thanks for the invitation. I have already made another commitment but it's conditional on a few  related events (friends of friends coming to town). If the other event is canceled, I shall be glad to join you. I shall let you know in a few days.   Vince 
 Molly,  Yes, March 1 would work.  Vince    Enron North America Corp. 
 Dale,  Please, call me on Tuesday. My morning schedule is full but I am open in the afternoon.  Vince 
 Khairuddin,  Thanks for your message. The fax has been sent.  Vince 
 Steve,  My E-mail is vkamins@enron.com Thanks for the tip.  Vince 
 Shirley,  Please, invite her for an interview. Myself, Stinson, Maureen.  Vince 
 Hi Kim,  I don't see any problem. For the time being, he can keep his desk on the 19th floor as well ( and the same phone number). It will be helpful when he has to work closely with Krishna under time constraint.  At some point, as we hire more people and run out of space, we can move him completely to your floor.  Please, ask your assistant to call Shirley and arrange the move.   Vince 
 Sally,  Congratulations.  Vince 
 Julie,  Thanks.  Also, as a follow up: did you receive the check from Paul Quilkey?   Vince 
 Remove 
 Robert,  Absolutely. This is a critical situation. Vince 
 Seth,  Thanks for the resume. Please, call my assistant, Shirley Crenshaw, 3-5290, to set up a meeting.  Vince 
 Osman,  Vasant is setting up a meeting to review the credit models with EES. Please, call-in or attend when the meeting is set.  Vince 
 I would like to invite you to a meeting with Jeff Shankman on Tuesday January 16, 3:30 p.m.  at Jeff Shankman's office.  We are meeting to plan the agenda for the Tiger Team, a group of about 20 Wharton School students visiting Enron.  A Wharton  tiger team works through a semester on a special project, proposed by a corporation. The team sponsored by Enron works on project regarding the impact of electronic trading on the energy markets. The semester long project will result in a report that will be submitted to Enron for review and evaluation. I hope that  you will find this report useful.  We have invited our tiger team to visit Enron. The students will arrive on Thursday, January 18, and will spend Friday at Enron. I would appreciate if you could find 30 minutes on Friday to talk to the students.  The meeting with Jeff on Tuesday  should not last longer than 10-15 minutes.  Vince 
 Norma,  Thanks for your help.  My phone numbers are 713 410 5396 (cell, always on)  or 281 367 5377 (home).  Vince 
 Tony,  No problem.  Vince 
 FYI  Vince 
