o Calgary tonight.  My hotel number is 403-266-7331.  Thanks. 
 Thanks for the referral.  We definitely want to get our story out to these guys.  Just for future reference, Meredith Phillipp is handling "New Media" for us.  Thanks 
 Strong work, Laura! 
 Will we capture these "accelerations" in our accomplishments? 
 Baby, I'm going to San Francisco on Aug 14?(Sunday) returning Wednesday. Wanna go?? 
 Attached are my comments on the Bliley amendment to the Largent amendment. 
 Let's add this to our daily distribution. 
 We don't know yet.  He has been invited and we expect most will show up, but we won't know until they do.    Enron Energy Services 
 In the underscored language added to the RTO section I would insert "access to" between the words "planning" and "maintenance".    Cynthia Sandherr@ENRON 07/20/2000 06:22 AM 
 I have you down as a "yes" to attend the meeting.  Maureen McVicker (Steve's assistant) 
 Let's take the opportunity.    Cynthia Sandherr@ENRON 07/19/2000 06:32 PM 
 I do too, but I think you should send it with the appropriate caveats (which I communicated verbally to her). 
 Fine 
 PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL - -  Seeking Advice of Counsel - -  Attached is a draft public statement for your review and comment.  The groundrules for using these statements are as follows:  All press inquiries should be directed to Eric Thode.  We will use the more "basic statement" unless press inquiries are specific and informed by knowledgeable industry participants.  We will use only those parts of the more detailed statement which are necessary.  The document begins with a background piece to briefly educate Enron personnel who may not be aware of Project Stanley but may be called upon to respond to regulators' or customers' inquiries.  Aleck - - please get Seabrou's help filling in the blanks.  Richard - - feel free to forward to outside counsel as you see fit. 
 Richard:  Please do not forward the Project Stanley email that we sent to you earlier today.  I am making some revisions and will forward the revised document out to you and the others.  Thanks. 
 Looks good. 
 looks good 
 I think you have picked the two most interesting industries.  Because energy and telecom both have natural monopoly characteristics, the government gets involved in economic regulation (not just the usual environment, safety, labor and other types of regulation which all businesses are subject to). That means that there is constant interplay between policy makers and the business community and that policy makers have alot to say about which business strategies will be successful.    Rob Wilson@ENRON 07/24/2000 04:44 PM 
 My message was sent before I finished it. I think it would be interesting to focus your attention on this interplay --  what policy changes have meant to companies (ie the winners and losers) and how explicit companies are about how government policy drives their business strategy in these industries.  I also think it would be fascinating to compare regulators' visions for the industry they are restructuring with the reality after the fact.  I believe you would find some similarities but also some substantial and interesting differences. Good luck with your studies. My best regards to Mike; I learned a great deal working for him.    Rob Wilson@ENRON 07/24/2000 04:44 PM 
 Thanks for the update.  Congratulations on your progress. 
