ALGARY.  THANKS ANGELA   TODAY IS NATIONAL FUN DAY AT WORK (so get to work!)  THANKS FOR ALL YOUR HARD WORK!   JOHN LAVORATO 
 aPPROVED 
 Jon  Ignore expenses.  We just split the whole office in half to split the trading and marketing.  You are also not authorized to see some of those expenses. So please ignore them. 
 Approved 
 I assume your working on this.  You owe me on the web page.  1.  Pricing - Lon's sheet.  2. Power Sheets  3. Peggy's volume and number of trades sheet. 
 Milly .  If you're going to sell the warrants yourself. (It sounds like you should if your getting $2 in time value) let me know and I'll call off the equity group. 
 Call me on Beau.  A couple thoughts.  If they are so screwed why can't we get a couple million in fees.  Also, remember that the Canadian commericial group wears the debt not the credit group. 
 The genco was rolled into the East Trading.  Can we get rid of the Genco on the DPR. 
 Tim  Please add bookrunners names beside the books on your P/L. 
 Mark  Can you have one of your lawyers get me a copy of the Merryl Lynch deal we deal at the end of last year.  A short summary to supplement the contract would be great.  Thanks  John 
 APPROVED 
 approved 
 Kevin  I agree.  If we ultimately trade out of Toronto, the P/L responsibility will probably role into you.  It looks like we were trying to close Garret Tripp (Associate) to move to Toronto and start looking at this stuff.  If he is going, you should meet with him before he goes. 
 Can you please get a copy to my assistant Kim Hillis to put into my binder. 
 test 
 Hector,  Thank you for the installation, however, do you know who I should contact in regards to the monitors?  Thanks  Kim Hillis x30681 
 Please call Mike Moscoso and get the report on the Executive reports website.  I do not want to get an e-mail everyday.  Thanks 
 Susan,  I have $50 for you from John.  Would you like for me to have it delivered to you or would you like to come by and pick it up?  If you would like it delivered, please let me know what your new EB location is.  Thanks  Kim Hillis x30681     Susan Skarness @ ECT 05/16/2000 08:06 AM 
