 from the central desk.  Please add my name to your email list for P&L requests.  I am now the lead for the Central desk.  Thanks.  If you have any further questions, please feel free to give me a shout. PL 3-7376 
 I was out of town this past week and did not get back until Saturday night. Sorry I missed your call.  What was the outcome on the game saturday?  I will try and make it to practice tonight.  I have a new job at Enron that keeps me here most night until 8 p.m. or so. PL 
 Congratulations.  I thought you said you were done after one?  I am sure your son will absolutely love having someone to play with.  I just got back from a week off, so I am swamped.  I am now the business controller for our desk, so I have reviews and a million other things to catch up on.  We will have to chat later. PL 
 Ya nknow, every year it is the same thing with you guys....we are going to dominate....we are the best.  The problem is you never deliver. PL 
 Sounds great.  We will have to meet up somewhere.  We are staying at the NY,NY under my name.  I feel the same.  I really enjoy seeing you, but as usual, the visits are too short.  We will just have to make more frequent trips to Denver.  I will write more later, trying to get caught up from a week off.  Jackson did get the gift for Christmas from you, the thank you card should be in the mail.  Thanks. PL  PL 
 I just got back in the office from a week off, so I am catching up this morning.  I will unfortunately be unable to attend your meeting this morning.  I need to try and get prepared for the afternoon meeting.  Thanks. PL 
 maybe you guys can finally beat us now that we have so many guys going to the pros.  What the hell is Booty thinking?  Any one that drafts him has got to be a fool.  I guess he saw the writing on the wall that Rohan would be getting the PT. PL 
 Aren't you LSU boys starting your usual shit talking a little early this year?  When you can finally beat my school in football then I will start listening to your BS.  FYI, those guys leaving has been helping our recruiting. PL 
 Hey man, check this out.  I have planned the same trip.  We are actually going in on Wednesday night - the 14th.  We are staying at NY,NY.  We will have to hook up.  Rachel Bonilla and her husband are going to be there as well that weekend.  Should be fun. PL 
 The trees in the bed should be fine.  Just the azaleas and the garlic. PL 
 Thanks for the pics. PL 
 We leave here Thursday April, 26th and return Monday April 30th.  What are your plans? PL 
 Trader E-Mail for nightly P&L and Positions:   hunter-jessica@houston.rr.com, rjkdstevens@aol.com, maryjanesames.tx@netzero.net, r_zivic@hotmail.com, jason.williams@enron.com, mcmcsmarty@aol.com, Geoff Storey/HOU/ECT@ECT, Kevin Ruscitti/HOU/ECT@ECT 
 Here are the P&L file and positions.     I will be on vacation next week, Kam will be covering for me.  Thanks. PL 
 I will be on vacation but will be there the next week. PL 
 thanks for the tip PL 
 Per Bass- like last year we get 13 guys, one must remain on IR for the entire week. Note - the person does not have to be injured.  Pickups and drops are every monday.  If you do not know how to add/drop, ask any of us from last year. PL 
 works for me! PL 
 GEAUX  TIGERS!!!  Stock up on those Sharpies!!  http://sportsillustrated.cnn.com/football/college/2000/bowl_projections/  PL 
 Now it is on...bring it Bass.  The PLove is back to sew up this league like I am doing in football.  Come down my way and hand over my share of this week's pot.  I guess I will get the pool again this week since I am playing you, the only one with a chance to outscore me. PL 
 By the way....Do you need any tickets for the Georgia game?  I think I will have two extra.  Let me know.  Thanks. PL 
 HEAD!!  PANTS!! NOW!!  That boy's cranium should is a virtual planetoid..It should have it's own weather system.  That was low, the poor boy will probably cry himself to sleep on his large pillow.  Great flick. PL 
 I figured you would come back with that.  Did he ever marry that charger doll or whatever they are called or did she wise up to the scam? PL 
 Speaking of chargers, when is Ryan Leaf going to be stoned to death in the town square? PL 
