lt of the construction.  Also, it is unclear as written as to whether we can repair it ourselves, or whether the City fixes it and sends us the bill. What is the intent?  Thank you,  Kay 
 Here are my observations:  I'm not certain that an Enron entity will provide a performance guaranty.  I agree that the commercial deal is that a portion of the fee will be at risk for a performance problem.  Is the reference to the "State" a reference to the DPUC or CRRA?  As far as I know, the CRRA deal is still in the works, with nothing but a confidentiality agreement (with an exclusivity provision) signed, and in my opinion should not be presented as being a done deal.  Kay 
 I'm good anytime after 900 am on Monday.  Kay 
 Here's a marked version of suggested changes.  Would it be preferable to be consistent with the use of the names VEPCO and Capacity and Energy Agreement?    Kay 
 Good afternoon,  Our son Michael will be in your class beginning next Monday, October 2, so I wanted to introduce myself.  I hope we will get to meet in person soon.  Is there anything you would like to suggest that we do to make the transition easier?  I picked up the package of information today, and will read it tonight. l won't ask any questions until I do my homework.  I look forward to seeing you soon!  Kay 
 1.  I haven't seen the paperwork on the name change.  I asked around yesterday, and I have someone checking it out.  Initially going through Corp (vs. ENA) made it a bit more complicated to track down.  2.  I believe I sent you a form services agreement to review.  I think that the parameters for performing certain services can be captured by way of reference to a named guideline or procedure, or by attachment as an exhibit. I will resend the email for your easy reference.  Hope this helps.  Kay 
 Hi Heather,  Don't have the answers to your questions, but I wanted you to see the attachment to Gregg's email.  It outlines some of the commercial aspects of the loan agreement, although it might not be in a form you can easily decipher.  Kay 
 So do we now have an Enovate/enovate?  Thanks,  Kay 
 FYI. 
 I had the definite impression he was going to call you.  I also know he is working on a different deal on an impossible schedule. You know the drill.  Bart is a Washington & Lee guy.  He is older than Ned, so he didn't go to school with him.  Just a little trivia...  Kay 
 Sounds like progress. 
 No response required - fyi. 
 Heather,  This is a rough cut of a services agreement.  Since the loan agreement, services agreement and LLC agreement are all pieces of the same puzzle, I thought I would send it your way.  Kay 
 Hi Fred,  I will check with Herman again to get his final comments.  Kay 
 Can Legal be far behind? 
 I'm headed to a lengthy conference call, but I wanted you to have this info.  Anything going on with Manlove?  Kay 
 FYI.  I don't think it will take long to get a draft.  I'm happy to coordinate with Sarah and Accounting.  Is it Mary Lynn that I should talk to?  Kay 
 I have not dropped it off yet.  Can he be set up for Monday? 
 FYI. 
 I working with outside counsel to get a draft of the revolver prepared.  She (outside counsel, Heather Brown) has summarized the information I have given her as follows (see below), and I would appreciate your input as to whether it is accurate.  Once we get a draft we can sit down and discuss it, and make sure we are on the right track. I believe Gregg said that this needs to be in place within 2 weeks.  Thanks,  Kay -------------------------------------------------------------------  Thanks for the information.  If I deciphered this correctly, this is going to be what I would call an "autoborrow" facility ... Enovate's cash flow is swept into an account.  Each day:  (i) if Enovate's cash position is short (and availability remains under the loan agreements) advances are made under each loan agreement (probably directly into the acount), and (ii) if Enovate's position is long, the positive balance of the account is applied towards the outstanding loan balances, if any.  We'll need to get minimum target amounts (i.e., do you really want them paying down $1.00 of each loan?) from the business people.  Based on the foregoing, I suspect that these will be single-lender, prime rate based loan agreements (otherwise it would be a huge operational headache).  Once you confirm the single lender part, that will be enough preliminary information for me to start on a loan agreement. 
 How could I resist such an opportunity?    Enron North America Corp. 
 With a typical contractor a tight schedule usually increases the cost. You might check to see how much a delay in COD to, say Aug 1,  might lower the cost of construction.  Not to say that it will, but it might. 
 BUSY, as usual.  Kay 
 I thought Tom wanted to change the time.  Did he get with you on that? 
 Hi Heather,  Any idea what the analyst starting salary might be?  If not, can you point me in the right direction?  I know you don't have anything better to do, but I really appreciate it.  Kay 
 Heather,  Just go to your DASH form file and pull out language from another deal just like this one.  That's how we handle things on the 38th floor.  Kay 
 A more lucid explanation of the issues. 
 Lee,  Can you see me a Word (or WordPerfect) file for this letter?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Per your request.  Kay 
 Gentlemen,  I haven't seen the 501D contract yet.  Is it on its way or perhaps been misdirected?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Paul,  I've been reviewing the draft facilities agreement, which is now getting to be a hot topic.  One thing to keep in mind is that we would really prefer that the facility agreements not refer to the May 12 agreement, if this is possible.  Could you please give this some thought and review the document with this in mind?  I look forward to discussing this with you soon.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi Paul,  This will need the same facilities agreement treatment as the GE contract we are working on.  Thanks,  Kay 
 3841 is my office number. 
 I've made a stab at revising Lee's letter. 
 Heather,  I haven't heard back from anyone on the single lender issue, but I say go for it, assuming a single lender deal.  At least that gives us something to work with.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Allyson,  Here's a suggestion on the language to address the issue of termination "for any reason".  On page 3, line 18, insert after "limits", deleting the remainder of the sentence:  Applicant's requirement to notify the Commission to instances where the Agreement is terminated as a result of Applicant's default.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Are we good to go?  I forgot to show  my husband your pictures.  If it is ok with you, I'll bring them back on Monday.  Have a great weekend,  Kay 
 For those who don't have these numbers, here we go:  Home    713 973 6325 Home fax  713 973 0287 Cell   713 304 8716  I have Ozzie and Heather's contact numbers as well, but don't see any reason to take up their time unless something commercial arises.  Jeff, I'll be glad to hold you numbers in trust as well.  I have nothing special planned (there goes my wild image), so I'm available anytime.  I'm going to read over the latest versions, keeping in mind that the commercial deal is done.  Kay 
 Good luck, and fire (release, shoot, fling) straight!  Kay 
 For your information. Please call me with any comments.  Thanks,  Kay 
 It took place.  We made some progress in indemnity and LOL.  The carve outs from the LOL remain an open issue.  We had some helpful discussion about assignment, but I'm not sure how much progress was made.  You were assigned NO tasks this week!  Kay 
 Stuart has finished his review of the PR invoices, and not the massive pile is on my desk. 
 Here's the VEPCO version. 
 Much grass. 
 Please start me a Fuel Cell notebook, beginning with the clean versions of the documents listed below (don't need the redline).  The binder needs to be at least a 2 inch binder.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Scott has given me some comments on the LOI, which I hope to discuss and incorporate today.  Does anyone else have any comments?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Hi there.  I made changes in accordance with our meeting on Friday.  Please let me know what other changes you would like to see.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Yes. 
 fyi 
 fyi 
 FYI.  When do you think you'll be done?  Thanks,  Kay 
 I suggest the changes as shown on the attached.  Chris is researching a drawing number so that we have them committed to a certain specification.    I've added the concept of a date certain for the delivery.  I'm referring to these as "Equipment" and part of the "Units" so it is clear that the warranties apply.  Is there any change to the sound guaranty level (or other guarantees) for the units utilizing these stacks?   Kay 
 Always! 
 FYI 
 I thought someone from Trading should give this a look.  Thanks,  Kay 
 I'm out October 9 and 27. 
 I'm trying to pick a favorite. 
 Here is the ABB contract you referenced in your email.  I am working on a 97-10 compliant EPC contract for NEPCO/EECC.  However, I wonder about the challenges presented with the need for NEPCO to enter into subcontracts and purchase orders which preserve the accounting treatment all the way down the line. This is a very tall order given the contracting environment.  Your email is an excellent description of the challenges of doing a deal off the balance sheet, and worthy of further discussion.  Kay 
 I'm just afraid to say anything about anything because of what you said the other night about, gee you can't do anything right.  I guess I'm a little upset because you comment on how I do things (I don't even try to fold clothes, pack the car, unpack the groceries, load the dishwasher, etc.) but if I say something about how you do something, you get upset and say you can't do anything right (so I should feel guilty about saying anything about anything).  Gotta go.  We can talk about it later if you want.  Love,  Kay 
 Here's the latest revision inserting the drawing numbers.  Is it ready to go to GE?    Scott, payment for change orders is addressed in the contract. 
 We seem to missing the termination agreement.  I'll check with Brian.  Kay 
 I would think cocktail attire.  What time are the receptions? 
 Just a small piece of internal discussions regarding the revolving line of credit and how it ties in with the enovate bank account. 
 Roxanne,  Thank you for calling last night. We took Michael out for dinner to celebrate his first day at SF, and missed your call. Michael had a great first day. All the kids drew portraits of him, and he got a big kick out of it.  I noticed on the class list that you live in Spring Valley.  We live on Inverness Park Way, and used to live on Cedarspur a few years back.  It is nice to know that Michael has a classmate in the neighborhood.  Again, thanks for calling.  Kay 
 Tough time of day to dress for, but I think  you have it figured out. 
 I don't have a lot of formal stuff that fits me now - I've gained weight in the past 18 months.  I may do a little shopping. 
 Hi Scott,  Here's a revised draft for your review and comment.  I've taken out the balance of plant warranty because you raised a valid point about them knowing what BOP entails.  So now it is just a warranty. I've also been more explicit about our fee.  I think there's a bit of confusion embedded in the document because of the uncertainty about who is doing what, but I haven't come up with a simple fix yet. 
 Sorry, didn't mean to forget you. 
 That's a good one. 
 I knew you guys would hit a home run!  I have a conference call at 330, then I'll come see you.  Kay 
 Brian,  The termination agreement needs to be signed at the same time.  Here is what I have as the latest draft:    I never received a copy of the assignment and assumption agreemen, and the legal assistants have not been able to locate it.  Has anyone found it?  If not, we need to get a copy from GE.  Kay 
 Please print for me.  Thanks,  Kay 
 More to go with that other print job. 
 Warning: I have not even opened this to see how it looks.  The goal is to delete the reference to WestLB and the master agreement, so I know there is work to be done along those lines.  At least this is a start.  Kay 
 This is for the PSCO project, and Ben wants Chris to sign it.  I'm thinking that this is Dale's project, so I'm sending him a copy.  If it looks ok to you I will clean it up and send it to GE for their review.  Kay 
 Maybe I'll get your address right this time. 
 Jerry,  Thanks.  I'll give it a look immediately, and will discuss the game plan with Heather.  Congratulations on wrapping up the alliance and associated agreements.  Looks like an interesting and exciting opportunity for both companies.  Kay 
 Kent,  Here's a revised change order #2.  Please let me know if you have any comments:    Thanks,  Kay 
 Kent,  Here's a revised letter agreement.  It is being reviewed internally, but I wanted to get it to you today anyway, as I will be out of the office beginning tomorrow around 1100.  Kay 
 FYI, I am attaching the current term sheet for the Rio Gen EPC contract which is has been approved by AA and I believe Global Finance.  Kay 
 Peoples stuff. 
 Here is the current rev of the EECC "standard" form which I am reviewing/massaging in connection with the 97 10 exercise.  It includes the exhibits, where I think you can find something useful.  If this doesn't help, please let me know and I will check elsewhere.  Thanks,  Kay 
 Mark,  I've reviewed the fax sent yesterday with the Proposed Conditions to Special Use for Livingston Energy Center.  Is Titan Land Development the Owner?  Will it be necessary for Titan to make the escrow payment prior to exercising the relevant land options and the commencement of construction?  I do not know whether these agreements and/or the making of the deposit would impact the balance sheet treatment, but I understand from Fred that we are not concerned about the balance sheet treatment for this project.  Kay 
 Please order me a 3 hole punch and more letter size red ropes.  Thanks!!  Kay 
 The water could be 100 feet or more away from the dock, depending on how long it blows that hard.   I hope our shrimp come back. 
 There's a rumor going around that you are signing up people for the pilot= =20 program. If true, I would love to volunteer, as I work at home frequently.  Thanks, Kay 
 Gregg,  It is my understanding that Enron and Peoples intend to discuss the most appropriate form of ISDA documentation for enovate to use. Peoples has forwarded a form for our information, and we would like to reciprocate.  Therefore, attached per your request are sample ISDA documents as a starting point for discussions.  Since these are forms, there will certainly be aspects which will need revision based on discussions between Peoples and Enron.  These documents should be treated as confidential.    Kay 
 Hi Ben,  Janet has requested that we set you up with signature authority for development documents.  How do you want you name to read on the corporate documents?  Thanks,  Kay 
 We are very early in the process on this one, so you haven't missed out on any opportunities!  Kay 
 I volunteered to be a guinea pig. 
 I've already discussed this with Mark H. and he thought it had already been done. I haven't found any indication that it has been done.  I'll follow up immediately.  Kay 
 Deb,  I'll get you the particulars, but you get the general idea. I'll have to check on the expense account stuff.  Kathleen, you  haven't done any thing with this request yet, have you?  Could you get the  names of the active development companies so that we can address those, as well as ENA?  Thanks,  Kay 
 Lisa,  I haven't seen a copy of the Sept 28th letter yet, but I've been at an offsite, so I might have missed something.  I'll get you a copy of CO #1.  CO #2 has been transmitted to GE for comment.  I'll have to confirm the status of the MOU and CO#3/#4.  These have bounced around a bit, so I need to nail it down so I don't give you bad information.  Kay    Enron North America Corp. 
 Not this week.  Maybe next week. 
 Hi.  Just checking in.  Michael and I are having a nice morning.  I've got my computer plugged in to my home line, but my cell phone is on.   Michael has an appointment at 230, so I will be out of a while.  This is great stay home weather.  I have fires in the fireplaces.  All I'm missing is the smell of bread baking!  Kay 
 I thought the conference was pretty good.  I had a great room, with a HUGE jacuzzi tub.  Did anyone get promoted?  No one said anything about promotions, so I figured nothing interesting happened in that regard.  I've been throwing out accumulated paper today, cleaned out my person, got out some clothes to give to the maid.  It all feels good.  I'm going to do email now.  See you tomorrow!  Kay 
 Make that cleaned out my purse, not my person.  Geez. 
 I'm not at the office today, but I probably have a copy of the Option.  I don't recognize the Memorandum of Option to Purchase.  Do you have a copy of it to see if it gets my memory working? 
