to two Distillate traders - Two Naphtha traders - One Gasoline trader - Four to six associate/analyst 
 I am Cathy Phillips, Mike McConnell's assistant and I am responding to your message of his behalf.  He has asked that I schedule the meeting as requested in your message below.  Please contact me at 713-853-6898 or cathy.phillips@enron.com and I will be happy to assist in anyway that I can.  Thank you.  Cathy Phillips 
 Allan, Thanks, I'll add them to the list.  I would appreciate a self appraisal feedback form on yourself with your list of accomplishments to date.  (I know it is hard to put together when you've been here for as long as you have).   mike    Enron North America Corp. 
 John,  Rick Bergsieker is the key here.  He can certainly direct you to the right people or others on his staff to help from Abu Dabai. Rick:  Houston ext:  66504 Abu Dabai:  9 714 331 8717  Mike 
 Kurt,  I agree with Eric.   California is very dangerous right now and we would need something very real to bring this to his attention.  Steve Kean  really liked the idea but only after we were ready to rock and roll.  Mike 
 Chris,  Hello from Houston.  I really enjoyed meeting with you last Saturday at your gallery.  Your collection of work is very impressive.  I have not received your digital pictures that you were putting together but I did talk with my wife about the Bonnard.  The Bonnard is my first choice of all the pieces we discussed.  I found an illustration of it on the net (from another gallery) and she liked (although - not as much as me).  I am prepared to purchase a Bonnard and the Radiator is my first choice.  I would like to establish a relationship and do business with your gallery and would like to know what is your best price for the piece.  I will not shop the price around and will make a quick decision with a credit card number.   When I get your response and if it is competitive, I'll confirm the purchase when I pick up the email.  Thanks, Mike McConnell  PS - I will hold off on the others for now and when you send me the pictures I will show them to my wife for consideration.  I am considering the Mary Cassat as a gift for her. 
 Joe,  As we review all the options for Enron Japan (people and commodity/business plays), we would like to see how you think it should be organized to facilitate growth and have the biggest impact.  When you get a chance to examine the EGM information and get your thoughts together, lets us know your views and your view of the best way forward.  We have everyone thinking about it and we are solidifying our own thoughts as well.  It will help with Morten Erik as well.  Thanks, Mike 
 Morten Erik,  Thanks for the email.  I thought it was very thorough and hits all the main points that we are thinking about right now.  Jeff and I are very bullish on the opportunities in Japan are just now focusing on the specifics.  I believe that will also drive the structure.  You should have received an EGM overview yesterday and it will be an excellent brief on what we are doing and our general direction.  I am very interested in having both you and Joe look at that and provide feedback on the opportunities in Japan.  We can talk about all of your issues later, when we are more prepared, but on the PRC issue, the key is not simply P&L but on transactions and growing the business.   I believe that these businesses with proper focus and dedication can grow quickly and show success even though the margins may be small.  I am glad that you are coming over and also touring Enron Europe and ENA.  It will help you make a better decision and we will have all of this clarified in the mean time.  Jeff and I will be talking about some of these points tomorrow as well.  Thanks, Mike 
 Jeff,  FYI.  This is an excellent email and one that addresses all the issues we need to make decisions on.  Lets discuss because I have some views but am very open to others especially when I don't really know (first hand) what oppts really look like there.  We need to address quickly.  Mike 
 Richard,  I sent your info on to my direct reports for evaluation.  I've also sent on to others as well.  If there is an interest, you will be hearing from us.  Good luck, Mike 
 David,  Thanks for the email.  It did cause an interesting conversation without knowing what the situation was.  We all have very open relationships around here (it is why we are so successful as a company).  Please don't think twice about responding to Greg or any senior manager on an issue - but he would also have no issue with your response being cc back to Jeff and/or myself at the same time.  Thanks, Mike   PS;  we are all thinking about P+ constantly. 
 I would like to invite you and a guest to join me for the annual Juvenile Diabetes Foundation Gala to be held on May 12, 2001 at the Westin Galleria. The guest speaker this year will be General Norman Schwarzkof.  Please contact Cathy Phillips (X-36898) and let her know if you are interested in attending.  Thank you.  Mike 
 I would like to invite you and a guest to join me for the annual Juvenile Diabetes Foundation Gala to be held on May 12, 2001 at the Westin Galleria. The guest speaker this year will be General Norman Schwarzkof.  Please contact Cathy Phillips (X-36898) and let her know if you are interested in attending.  Thank you.  Mike 
 This is fine with Mike McConnell. 
 Thanks for the response.  I found a beautiful Bonnard in London and NY.  I will be buying in next day or two.  Asking price is $9,500.  I will keep the Lautrecs in mind.  I think one is in my future - next.  I don't think I'll be buying one for a few months.  I'll get back to you.  Mike 
 Sorry, 3pm- 5+pm. m 
