Knippa 12/01/2000 10:45 AM 
 I have reviewed the Oneok Westex Transmission Agreement.  The only comment I have is that the daily balance cashout requirements in Section F of the General Terms and Conditions seem very burdensome.  This is really a business call, but the 5% tolerance or cashout everyday might be difficult to maintain.  I will leave that to you to decide Stacey.  I am OK with everything else. 
 I can't hear you!! La La La La La La La..................... 
 No problem.  I figured you weren't feeling well.  Sorry to hear that you are still sick.  You might want to call the doc.  I have been able to described my symptoms to her before and she usually calls in a prescription for me (Antibiotics or similar).  Good luck with Global Markets.  Sounds like you had a lot of good opportunities.  I think you will learn a lot by trading which will make you a better originator if you ever want to go back to origination.  I am pretty open right now for lunch.  Maybe Wednesday.  Let me know.      Lisa Nemec 12/04/2000 09:14 AM 
 Just wanted to drop you a note and let you know I made it back safe and sound from Spain.  Spain is really a neat country.  Very charming.  So I got James' name huh?  Who got my name in the drawing?  When is everyone coming in for the holiday?  I am planning on coming down the 23rd. 
 Dan,  Any input you have on this contract would be appreciated. 
 I will draft a letter to Wildhorse concerning the pressure situation.  We have previously sent a demand letter on Sept. 29 for pressure data for the 3 year period, with no response from Wildhorse.  We need to reinforce the curtailment that the high pressure is causing the resultant loss of profits. I will circulate the letter for review by the group before sending. 
 Attached is my revised letter.  Please call with any questions. 
 Attached is a clean and redlined version with my changes.   Please note the following:  1.  I added back the limitation on damage provision I originally had.  We need to be clear that the remedies specified in the amendment are the only remedies. 2.  Changed both Seller and Buyer Minimum Volume Obligations to be consistent with each other.  The amendment for the Powder River contract should reflect the same.  Please contact me at (713) 853-3512 if you would like to discuss. 
 Attached is the revised letter based on Chris' voicemail on Friday.  I also added a 30 day window during which ENAP must provide the data to Enron. Please review and let me know if you have any questions.  Note that we still need to legal entity's name from the South America office. 
 We settled up on the tix.  You gave me some cash.  We're good.  I have never been to Acapulco.  The only place on the Pacific side I have been to is Cabo.  Most people that have been to Acapulco really like it though.  Don't worry about the end of the evening.  Strange things always happen at 6 am after we have been up all night.  Forget about it.  Have fun in Mississippi.      kjobrien@duke-energy.com 12/10/2000 07:10 PM 
 Alan,  Attached is a redline version of the assignment with the changes we discussed.  I also added the geographic location difference language to the Buyer's Daily Obligation section to make it bi-lateral.  Let me know if you have any questions (713) 853-3512. 
 Attached is a list of the contracts which I don't have copies. 
 Brant,  The attached doc. contains Hess Energy Trading Company, LLC's comments to our guaranty form with our responses.  Please forward as appropriate.  I would be happy to discuss our comments with Hess if they so desire. 
 Attached for your review is the revised Huber Confirm for Transaction No. 1. 
 Attached is a clean and redline version. 
 Larry,  I am working with Robert Morgan to get the proper approvals at Bridgeline and I will insure that the proper approvals are obtained from Enron.     "Lawrence J. Hand, Jr." <lhand@lemle.com> 12/12/2000 01:06 PM 
 Attached is a redline and clean version of the revised confirm.  Please disregard prior version of the confirm.  The changes reflect the new Precedent Agreement with Trailblazer. 
 Attached are the executables forms of assignments.  All of your attorney's changes were accepted.  Note that the assignment for the Wind River Contract No. 124620 is assigned for the period from Jan 1, 2001 to May 31, 2001.  The other contract is assigned for Dec. 1, 2000 thru March 31, 2001.  Let me know if you have any questions (713) 853-3512.   Please print three executables of each assignment.  Thanks. 
 I will be revising the Capacity Release and Agreement and the existing Trailblazer Assignment that Huber currently has to reflect the Transaction just completed today.  Mark,  you probably should make Huber aware of this if they are not already so.  Thanks.      Chris Meyer 12/13/2000 04:41 PM 
 Hey Melissa,  Are you back from Brazil yet?  Hope they didn't work you too hard down there.  Drop me a line when you get a chance. 
 Attached is a draft of a nonbinding letter for use to submit the indicative bid to Wildhorse.  Please review and provide any comments. 
