send the name of the movers you used if its handy?  or the realtors name?  thx, cooper 
 no 
 which one was sandy?  is the machination mad at someone else for being selfish and calculating? 
 at some point, you will stop demonizing emily and re-realize how cool she is, bitch.  here's your chance to get out with your rep intact, you can blame everything on the "complexity"  i would make it clean though, none of your half-assed bullshit. 
 hi jill,  ah, i don't think you'll get this until next week, but maybe you're checking your email on the road.  hope your course is fun.  how was it to see your family.  i've had my parents visit me up here and i was also down there over christmas break and i much prefer when they visit me rather the other way around.  i feel like i'm back in high school when i'm back home, i think, or something like that.  don't tease me, what did you do on sat night?  work is going really well - finally feeling some pressure.  hmm, i don't know anything about painting pottery, but i'm interested. i've done it before and its harder than it looks and takes awhile, but could be fun with the right group of people.  talk to you soon, cooper 
 eze:  are you in the office today?  yoga tomorrow sounds great.  i went last night to a beginner YIM class with a friend from work who wanted to check it out.  it was crowded - are the w/e classes the same/better/worse?  i somehow always try to show up early to yoga but never manage to, but YIM may leave me no choice.  i feel like i'm in san francisco three years ago the way yoga is taking off here.  i love carrot cake.  ceilis sounds good - i'll see you there.  i like how you send each email with a takeaway thought.  i'm actually busy this morning, but wanted to reply sorry for the sound bites -- see you after work.  - c - 
 Hi Danielle,  I have some feedback w/ respect to MD apps file.  IHS Accumap 					(403) 770 4503 Canadian Gas Price Reporter			? Nickles Energy Infromation Technology		Cindy Trueman (403) 209 3574 Environment Canada Daily Weather Data		Scott McCormick (403) 299 7801  thanks Cooper 
 i missed yoga last night too - do you want to try to YIM this weekend?  saturday night sounds good.  i'm not sure what's going on with crantina and its not too personal nor a secret.  i'll pass the book along to jai.  are you working at earls again this w/e to support your shooter-lifestyle?  - c - 
 http://arstechnica.com/guide/system/budget.html 
 you hooked me up on "NACAL-SQWS001D"? 
 does it take awhile for my access to NACAL-SQWS001D to take effect? 
 i've been playing around more with R (doing some reading and installing the basic package) and it looks fantastic.  in particular, the database connecticity package ("RODBC") works right out of the box!  very impressive.  in a couple of lines, i can get data from a table in a SQL server database into a dataframe and more importantly, result sets from stored procedures can be returned to data frames as well.  and its free! 
 hi mom,  i'll let you know when i get the package - thanks for sending it.  things are ok, just waiting to see how things shake out with the enron-ubs deal., it looks ok, but i'll know more later this week.  love, coop 
 subscribe 
