t was only an $87 million mistake.  I don't know what the big deal was.  Anyway, things are calming down a little now.  I'm just still irritated.  That mistake was something I should have caught.  Oh well I'm leaving soon.  That's enough whining.  So what are you up to today?  I'm looking forward to actually being able to go home at a decent time today and having nothing that has to be done tonight.  I'm just going to kick back and watch TV.  I might call Ragini and Sabina and see if they want to come over for king cake. You'll be invited too of course.  I'm starving.  Do you have any calzones this morning?  Talk to ya later Robin 
 Hey Richard,  I think we've finally gotten an answer out of the analyst program.  I'm just waiting on the paper work now.  I spoke to Laura yesterday about a possible March 12th start date.  Let me know if that date's okay for you.  I'll let you know if anything changes.  Robin 
 Kathy,  I am attaching a revised P&L by Trader.  I moved the Term_GD p&l from Lambie to McKay.  We are, however, still off $35,000 on McKay.  It looks like the file got updated after we pulled in the final Feb. p&l.  Since we've already reported Feb, I can't restate something that would change the total p&l.  An adjustment will just need to be made in March to correct the Feb. variance.    Robin 
 Susan/Nancy,  Please move the following books from J_ARNOLD to M_MAGGI portfolio:  NG-ERMS-XL-PRC NG-EXOTIC-PRC  Thanks, Robin 
 EFF_DT PORTFOLIO_ID DOWN95 2/21/01  MANAGEMENT-COAL 0 2/21/01  MANAGEMENT-CRD 0 2/21/01  MANAGEMENT-GAS 251,274 2/21/01  MANAGEMENT-PWR 174,714 2/21/01  AGG-MANAGEMENT 378,904 
 I will be starting in the Chicago office on March 12th.  My move date is March 8th.  Let me know if you need anything else.  Thanks for your help, Robin 
 Here is the January file.  If you have any questions feel free to give me a call.    Robin x57478 
 Now that that lady is irritating you maybe you'll finally miss me.  Well, I might finally be getting somewhere on my move.   I now have an informal offer that is acceptable.  I just need it in writing now.  But it looks like I'll be in Chicago by March 12th.  Yikes...I have a lot to do before then.  We need to all go to lunch before I leave.  Good luck ignoring your neighbor.  RR 
 As long as he leaves after me I think it's great!!! 
 Hahaha.  That was pretty funny.  I have a feeling that's the reaction my grandmothers will actually have. 
 I thought you  comments about the "flexibility" of the program were hilarious.  I just talked to Laura.   I'm moving to Chicago.  I'll give you all the details and dates later. 
 Susan,  The NG-PRICE-PRC book will now be calculated using two post ids.  Therefore, we need an additional RisktRAC book id for the Price book so that we can capture both post ids.  Please set up an NG-PRICE2-PRC book with the same attributes as the NG-PRICE-PRC book.  The new books needs to be added to the AGG-GAS, AGG-GASIII and AGG-GASIV portfolios.  In AGGIII and IV, please set up a separate portfolio for the new book.  The new portfolio should be named M_Maggi.  If you have any questions, give me a call. Thanks, Robin 
