have any questions please give myself or Erin Norris a call. Thanks Ben 
 Fabian: The July and August Operators report for Gleason are out on DealBench at Doc # 04.01.04.  The July Operators Report for Wheatland is also in DealBench at Doc. # 04.01.04.  The September reports for both plants are not out yet, but will be soon, probably next week.  I am working on getting you the hourly operational data for the months of August and Sept.  Please let me know if you have any more questions. Ben 
 Fabian: You can find actual performance data on DealBench at Doc # 04.01.03 A-E. Please let me know if you have any other questions.  Thanks! Ben 
 Tom: Please see the attached round 2 bidding instructions.  Thanks! Ben 
 More questions.  These are from LG&E on the Wheatland and Gleason plants. Thanks again for your help. Ben 
 Here is a map of Genco.  I'm still looking for some other summary information. Ben 
 This periods time sheet.  Thanks Ben 
 Susan: Here are some answers to some of your last questions.  If you could forward these on to Scott and Amy I would appreciate it. Ben 
 This came back for some reason.  Here it is again. Ben 
 Good to hear from you.  Have a good trip up in NYC and I will talk to you when you get back.  In the next couple of days pull up the Enron ticker and check out the other deal I have been working on.  We closed it this weekend. Regards, Ben 
 Here are some of the remaining questions we have answers to.  Please give me a call if you have any questions.  Thanks! Ben 
 What are you doing sending me this crap!  I want some dirty jokes!  I want some stories of wild, drunken nights, not this stuff.  We are getting into NYC on late on Friday night.  I am picking up my number early on Saturday morning.  Would you be interested in going to dinner with a group of us to Tony Dinapoli's on upper east side on Saturday night?  Were getting there at approx. 7:30pm.  Give me a call about this.  See ya Ben 
 I will send the fax to you right now.  Thanks! Ben 
 Jane: Refer to question #2 for the Gleason answer.  Please let me know if you have any other questions. Ben 
 No.  They have done alot of bad deals, in terms of overpaying for assets. The rumor was going around we were going to buy them back, but wasn't pre announced or anything.  See ya Ben 
 This weekend is out of the question - the BIG race is on Sunday up in the Big Apple.  Megan and I leave for NYC on Friday afternoon.  We will be getting back on Monday.  Watch ABC between 10:00am and 3:00pm, they play it down here.  Good deal with KMI.  I sent Susan a congratulations email this morning.  I'll talk to you soon. Ben 
 Jane: Here is the answer to the Wheatland question.  I am currently tracking down the answer to the Gleason question, which I should have very shortly. Ben 
 I wish I had taken the Bar with that special treatment - sign me up!  The big race is this weekend, so I hope I don't break a leg.  We leave Friday afternoon and get back on Monday.  I will be walking very slow next week. Let's try and get together next week sometime for a little dinner.  See ya Ben 
 Congratulations!  Now we can really put you to work!!  Hope you had a little fun yesterday celebrating.  Talk to you guys soon. Ben 
 Teseo: It was a pleasure meeting you.  I enjoyed our conversation, which I hope was helpful with regards to understanding how Enron operates.  Enron is truely a great place to work.  It's a lot of hard work, but your having a lot of fun doing it.  I hope all your interviews went well on Saturday.  Good luck with the second year and please don't hesitate to contact me if you have any additional questions. Regards, Ben 
