oaster of an airplane for over 5 hours fighting a "terrific headwind" according to the pilot.  See you at 11:00 unless I hear from you.  Elizabeth 
 As promised. Call me when you want to disucss. FYI - The letter is very "lawyerly"; I'm not sure this is the right approach though.  Let me know if you think this tone will do more harm than good.  Paragraphs for you to consider are in brackets. 
 Kevin  Richard Tabors number is 617 543 5304.  John Basinger and Barrett Reasoner with the Gibbs and Brun law firm would like to get a hold day with him ASAP.  Thanks for your help  Elizabeth 36349 
 Hi  Just FYI - A collection of racquets is more than just a luxury.  On Friday, after the matches, I was keen to assert my new found tennis prowess.   I thought I could do it too.  I was playing like a spring chicken until my first big overhead.  I set up well, ready to bounce that ball right over Grant's head.  I thought I was so cool.  Up I  went to find the ball and out came flying my  racquet.  On the other side of the net.  Cracked.  Everybody stood to stare to see if it was anger or incompetence that created such a mess.  I think I better work on that shot.  Tennis on Wed.?  Elizabeth 
 There is no guarantor for NHEC.  I have not received the form of LC.  Issuing bank is National Rural Utility Coop Finance Corp. Thanks Elizabeth 
 Sounds great.  See you on Wed. at 1230 unless I hear from you. 
 thanks 
 good for us 
 Oops forgot to respond to this request. It would be absolutely fine to use our arbitration language as an example for the Cover Sheet.  My only suggestion would be to leave blank the place for the arbitration (I've gotten untold grief for using HOUSTON).  See ya at 1230 
 Yippee 
 thanks 
 I would love them if still available 
 Robbi  Sometime on Wed, Thurs. next week would be fine to get together (I'm out early next week doing the last of the roadshows on the Edison contract - I can't wait for the process to be over - it has been going on for over a year).  Call my assiatant Brenda Whitehead at 35438 to schedule a time.  Thanks Elizabeth 36349 
