ewart as an idealistic, extremely unselfish young man who takes on the corrupt political machines of Washington, D.C. The film ranked 29th on AFI's (The American Film Institute) top 100 films of the Century list, and is tied for first place on the Sscott5 Greatest Films List..  FYI- Neither you nor Nick have been removed from the group email, I simply haven't sent one out in the past two weeks.  I will make sure you both receive my next brilliant composition.  I must say I was tempted to remove you given your complaints about receiving all of the follow-up commentary and a lack of appearances. 
 Hugo, you can go ahead and remove me from the distribution list as I have moved out of the controls group.  Good luck with everything, it has been great working with you. 
 Part I:  Dress Code for Female FERC Lawyers at FERC Proceedings*  Skirts must be mid-calf length and of a synthetic fabric. All clothing worn in FERC hearing rooms must be properly aged (12 years or more). No solid-colored garments are permitted.  Exceptions:  mauve, pink, peach, teal, harvest gold. Hair must be fuzzy, multi-colored and must partially conceal the face. Suntan hose must be worn at all times. Open-toed shoes (preferably in a lighter color than the hem of the skirt) are preferred. Those with a flair for fashion are permitted to wear inexpensive animal print garments, metallic accessories or clothing with fake fur trim, so as to attract attention to one's originality.  *also applicable to female practitioners at the Texas Railroad Commission and Public Utilities Commission. 
 Jason, you can go ahead and remove my name from the email distribution list as I am no longer working in the controls group.  I've enjoyed working with you and will definitely pay you all a visit when I travel to London this fall.  Cheers. 
 Joel, you can remove my name from the distribution list as I am no longer working in the controls group.  I have moved over to gas trading and am supporting one of the traders.  It's been great working with you and I'll be sure to say hi when I visit London this fall.  Cheers. 
 Mythology    "The Ten Commandments of a Military Wife"  1.Thou shalt not write in ink in thy address book.  2.Thou shalt not covet choice assignments of other uniformed braches of service.  3.Love thy neighbor.  4. Honor thy Commissary and Exchange as long as they both shall live.  5.Thou shalt not ridicule a local politician, for mighty senators from local politicians grow.  6.Thou shall look for the best in every assignment, even though the best may be. "The most childhood diseases in one year," or "Record snow in one months time."  7. Thou shall remember all thy friends from all thy assignments, with greeting cards at Christmas, for thou never knowest when thou may wish to spendeth a night with them while enroute to a new post/base.  8.Be kind and gentle to retired, white-haired Exchange and Commissary customers, because thou too will be a retiree someday.  9.Thou shalt not curse thy husband when he's on TDY on moving day.  10.Thou must never arrive at a new post/base and constantly brag about how everything was much better at the last post/base.     Author Unknown      Shit: Through the eyes of the Military  *An Army grunt stands in the rain with a 35 pound pack on his back, 15 lb. weapon in hand, after having marched 12 miles, and says, "This is shit!"  *An Army Airborne Ranger stands in the rain with a 45 lb. pack on his back, weapon in hand, after having jumped from an airplane and marched 18 miles, and says with a smile, "This is good shit!"  *A Navy SEAL lies in the mud, 55 LB pack on his back, weapon in hand, after swimming 10 miles to shore, crawling through a swamp and marching 25 miles at night past the enemy positions, says with a grin, "This really is great shit."  *A Marine, up to his nose in the stinking, bug-infested mud of a swamp with a 65 LB pack on his back and a weapon in both hands after jumping from an aircraft at high altitude, into the ocean, swimming 12 miles to the shore, killing several alligators to enter the swamp, then crawling 30 miles through the brush to assault an enemy camp, says, "I love this shit."  *The Air Force NCO sits in an easy chair in an air conditioned, carpeted office and says, "My e-mail's out? What kind of shit is this?"   Mythology    The 5 Scariest Things in the Army!   1. A Private saying, "I learned this in basic training..." 2. A Sergeant saying, "Trust me, sir..." 3. A Second Lieutenant saying, "Based on my experience..." 4. A Captain saying, "I was just thinking..." 5. And a Warrant Officer chuckling, "Watch this $%!#..." 
 After reading that did you all of the sudden feel as though your body no longer contained any organs and instead there was just a giant pit where they all used to be?  I never in my life imagined the intense impact an email could have.  They appear so harmless at first glance with no character or personality to the font or page, but upon closer inspection they have the ability to send you soaring or plummet you to the darkest depths.  I really don't know what to say about the email.  If I didn't know what happened afterward I would have said it was very promising, but knowing what I know I must resort to my new tag line that guys in general are just confused.  I must say though that his quote was outstanding and if Ben and I had any semblance of normal communication between the two of us I would send it to him in a heartbeat.  But we don't so I'll just have to enjoy it solo.  I fear today will be a very boring day so feel free to keep up an email dialogue throughout the day. 
 In my never-ending quest to expand myself both culturally and socially I am proposing a fun-filled Friday night to those of you who I feel would appreciate it most, or at least have any interest what-so-ever.  This Friday at 6:30 p.m. Pavel Kogan will be performing with the Houston Symphony at Jones Hall.  All of the tickets for this show are being sold at a set price, which means that we can obtain center orchestra seats for only $25.00 a piece.  My idea for the night is as follows, attend what I'm sure will be an outstanding performance, grab a late bite to eat at one of several excellent restaurants downtown (Mia Bella and Osteria D'Aldo come to mind) and polish off the evening by gracing one of the many hot-spots found downtown (Jones Bar, Swank Lounge, Deans, Mercury Room, etc.) with our presence.  Bear in mind that my plan is completely open to suggestions from each and every one of you.  While I realize such an early show may interfere with some people's plans (workout routines, etc.) I am sure things could be rearranged for one evening.  Please email back and let me know if there is any interest in such an outing.  "And in the end it's not the years in your life that count.  It's the life in your years."  - - Abraham Lincoln 
 Sorry Toby, but honestly this is the first time I've seen such a request. A lot of things get sent to Susan Scott of ECT by mistake; maybe that is what happened? I would never ignore you on purpose. I'll call Ms. Lee and give her the correct info. 
 See especially pages 5 & 6 of the attached doc., which include the argument that existing ROFR should not be grandfathered.  Please send any comments you have to me.  Thanks!! 
 Hi!   Thanks for the update, it is good to hear from you.  Sorry Grayson is being a crybaby.  It is tough being a baby, I think.  How did the doctor's app't go?  Bet you are ready for the weekend so Jim'll be around all day. Every working mom I know could not wait to get back to the office after maternity leave.  I think the daycare arrangement is generally best for everyone.  Baby gets a head start on her social life, and the parents can't wait to see the kid at the end of the work day!  Most everyone I know is raising their kids that way, and they seem to be turning out fine.  Even the handful of stay-at-home moms I've met leave their kids with someone several days a week, for sanity's sake.  Had lunch with Mema on Wednesday at Treebeards.  I get the impression that she's gotten the message that you and Jim don't exactly want her dropping in for spontaneous visits, so that's good.  I always enjoy meeting her for lunch--for some reason she's always on best behavior, and we always run into my coworkers and friends who just think she's the greatest.  Thank God she can never remember their names, or she might start calling them for lunch.  Bill and I saw a play at Diverse Works last night called "Fucking A."  It was a take-off on The Scarlet Letter.  I thought it would be funnier but it was actually pretty dark.  The bearer of the letter A was an abortionist in a strange land working to pay her son's way out of jail.  Despite the subject matter it was one of the best plays I've seen in a very long time.  Diverse Works is an art space in the warehouse district directly north of downtown. (Nancy Littlejohn (Worthington) has her art gallery nearby.)  They mostly sponsor dance, dramatic and performance art productions.  A lot of it is really over the top, but I've seen some cool things there.  One of my friends at work is trying to get me to serve on the board of directors, so I've been hanging out there to see whether I like the people.  Work is driving me nuts, but that's what they pay me for, I guess.  Time to read more FERC cases.  I don't wanna FERC, I just want to bang on the drum all day.  Hang in there, and please send more news of little bug!  Love, Susan 
 Thanks Dennis.  Do you have the form of discount letter too?  If so, please send it. 
 The term of the FTS-1 agreement is for one day, and automatically renews from day to day. The discount letter provides that the discount applies to the one-day term and each consecutive one-day term (if any).  The term of the discount letter is typically one month or 3 months.  The discount letter does not obligate TW to provide service for more than one day, but as long as the term of the service agreement renews, the same discount would apply.  My point is that if we are already contracting for daily firm this way, it should not matter whether the discount is effective for one month or for 12 months.  If there is a problem with the current arrangement, we should discuss it. Nothing about the way we do these deals has changed since we discussed it last December. 
 Part II:  FERC Writing Handbook  1.  "WHEREFORE, PREMISES CONSIDERED" adds a note of authority to your pleadings.  In fact, some administrative law judges will throw your pleading into the special incinerator marked "Nonconforming Pleadings" (located on the west side of the FERC building) unless such language is present.  2.  Pronouns should be used sparingly, if at all.  With few exceptions, parties must always be named to avoid confusion, even if it means the name of the party will appear several times in one sentence.  3.  The verb "request" may not be used without the word "to."  Example: "Pipeline X respectfully requests the Commission to grant its motion."  4.  "In regards to" or "vis-a-via" sound more intelligent than "about" or "concerning."  5.  If you are not sure you've conveyed an important point effectively, repeat the statement verbatim at various other points in your pleading for emphasis.  Additionally, repeating a contractual provision several times in a contract will give your client greater rights than if you only include the provision once.  6.  Always recite the entire history of the proceeding in your pleading before stating the purpose of your pleading.  No FERC staffer ever remembers what happens, and the added pages will make your pleading really impressive.  7.  When in doubt, insert more commas. 
