Do you and Andrea want to be included?  Any commercial people? 
 We do not have the answer for you at this time.  It must be researched.  Sara    Enron North America Corp. 
 Whatever you can do is most welcome.  We are only limited by time.  We have set aside the entire day of Wednesday, March 1 for you to schedule.  We can also be available late Monday afternoon, February 28.  I will advise shortly with respect to local invitees.  Thanks very much.  Sara 
 no 
 Only to make sure that we (especially Lynn Aven) can speak with your tax partner with respect to derivatives issues.  Thanks.  Sara 
 We'll do that and resend. 
 It's OK this time.  The Determination Period in this confirm is confusing; exchange-based price sources should be tied to the delivery month/Determination Period. 
 Patricia:  Thanks for putting the meetings together.  In addition to Lynn Aven and me, both Andrea Calo and Brent Hendry would like to attend.  I'm looking forward to visiting with you next week.  Regards.  Sara 
 I received a message from Augustin David to return his call to discuss the master.  The number he left rings but does not answer.  I have tried calling several times.  Maybe we can talk to him next week when I am in BA.  Sara 
 I'll let them know. It's very possible that one or both will be unable to attend due to the office activity but they both want to be available.  Thanks again.  Sara 
 Please change on my calendar 
 FYI 
 FYI - Shari Stack is negotiating the brokerage agreement with Banc One and there seems to be an issue over the interest rate.  Needless to say, I have never had any conversations with Banc One over this issue.  SS 
 Carol:  I'm glad you've identified these specific line items.  I think credit should have a "separate worksheet" and make a determination for each question you've listed.  For exampe, I think the GP should be a Specified Entity.  One issue I've experienced with credit is the existence of several LPs in a given structure, only one of which owns any operating assets, and there are no financials for that LP, but only financials on a consolidated basis at a different level.  How does credit identify the counterparty, much less determine if that counterparty is an ESP?  I also wonder how many partnerships we have agreements with which may be inadequate.  And, when credit approves omnibus Transactions with a partnership, is it making a sufficient analysis?  A separate list would help in the evaluation.  Are we going to have another credit lunch?  Hope all is going well.  Sara 
 Brent, Andrea and I were hoping you might be available for a 30-minute call on Tuesday after 5pm (BA time) or 2pm (Houston time) on Tuesday, Feb. 29. The BA office had a meeting last Friday afternoon and has apparently set some rather lofty goals, such as online trading for Q3, etc.  Please let me or Brent know if you are available and/or alternative times.  Tomorrow we meet with the American Chamber of Commerce, Wed. with Marval and the ADA and the Securities Commission, and Thursday with tax consultants. Also, I need to talk with you about Brazil when I return.  Sami has been diligent about forwarding deal flow information and there are a ton of references to PPA's and SWAPS.  We are still trying to get our arms around all the business units in Brazil to track their activity.  Have you heard from Yao?  This international position may be right up his alley. Sara 
 Attached is the origination list from Brazil. SS 
 Sami:  I'm concerned about the deals showing up on the origination list which we received on Friday.  There are multiple references to swaps.  We need to talk. I'm in Argentina and may not make the call tomorrow because I have meeting outside the office.  I'll try to call you tomorrow.  sara 
 With respect to this counterparty, you may continue to agree to these IDENTICAL early termination provisions until otherwise notified by credit.  SS 
 Chuck:  I am currently in our Buenos Aires office for the week.  I have to resolve our few issues when I return to Houston.  I can tell you, however, that we cannot agree to provide you with the legal opinion as to enforceability as we discussed in our conversation last week.  I'll follow up with you next week.  Sara 
 Where do you want to go? 
 Susan:  This report should also be routed to the Argentine traders and, in Brazil, only Sami Arap (delete Robert George and Andrea Bertone).  Thanks. Sara 
 I think that the reference may be in the setoff clause and the CP was trying to exclude "other Transactions" and limit setoff to derivatives only. Unfortunately, I don't have the form with me.  SS 
 Just kidding!  I'm fine.  I've been cut off twice on telephone calls to the states so I may have problems calling you in the next hour or so when I leave the office.  FYI: NTAP closed at 188-3/4 and CISCO closed at 132-3/16.  It's too early for the mutual fund reports.  The weather is again gorgeous; we had empanadas for lunch and they were much better than tamales.  I read the tamale article in the Oxford American and it talked about the tamale man in Greenville, MS (whose name was Six Sixty-Six, being the sign of the devil so the tamales were really HOT).  Tomorrow we meet with another law firm.  Thursday and Friday I meet with the commercial people about ISDA agreements and one business customer is flying in from the province of Mendoza to discuss an agreement.  I'll call you later and I'm going to try to go to bed earlier tonight (I'll try to call after 9pm BA time).  Love, the DG 
 Would you please add me to th distribution list for clippings.  Thanks.  Sara 
 fyi 
 I hope you are doing well.  I finally have my laptop so I can at least read email during the day.  The weather here is gorgeous.  It's about 72 during the day and cooler at night.  We went to a restaurant that had a "tunnel of fudge" por d'creme.  Someone at the table said there is a similar recipe in the Charlie Trotter cookbook.  Do you have that cookbook?  I know you have a lot of them.  I fly hime Friday night and arrive in Houston on Saturday morning at 6:30 am.  Mike should be waiting for me at my house and I can't wait to see the Phoebe and sports dog a/k/a Chloe.  How's mother and daddy? I can't send mother email because she may pick it up on her voice mail. Love, sas  PS  Are you working on Friday? 
 When do I get to see you?  What are you doing for the fourth?  When are you going to visit Miami?  When do you want to eat sushi?  SS 
 I have meetings this morning with the Marval firm but was hoping you could help out here. 1.  Could you please check with the Alley Theatre Box Office and find out if I have tickets for a performance this Friday night (March 3).  They will check under the name "McKeogh" and my local phone number "713 664-3207". Just let me know so that I can figure out what to do.  2.  Could you please change my McDonald's phone call presently scheduled for 1pm (BA time) tomorrow.  I would need to reschedule through Mike Irgang(info in lotus notes) at McDonald's and let Ed Quinn know.  My BA schedule is on my calendar.  3.  I am tentatively planning a trip to Sao Paulo.  I will stay from 3/17 through 3/27.  However, I need to arrive on 3/16 and depart on 3/28.  Could you please check flight availability?  I first need to clear through Mark Taylor and I will copy you on that message.  Thanks. for now. 
 Mark:  I have been in touch with Sami Arap who is now Andrea Bertone's boss. There are currently two seminars scheduled in Sao Paulo aimed for the commercial group and the lawyers as follows:  1.  March 17 - Milbank Tweed  (Securitization) 2.  March 27 - Bracewell (legal issues for contracts)  I think I should attend these and was considering a trip to arrive before the start and after the termination of the seminars (approx March 15 - March 28).  In the interim I could (hopefully) wrap up financial issues with Tozzini and address at length physical issues with Tozzini.  Also, I can speak with commercial groups and plan a "swap"seminar for the commercial and legal groups (date TBD but probably after the legal seminar in San Antonio). Please let me know if the timing works for our group in Houston and if you have other thoughts.   Hope all is well.  Sara 
 You are brilliant!  Thanks for your help.  Sara 
 Hi Felix!  I return from Argentina this weekend.  I am having some problems with the laptop which I'll need you to adjust upon my return. I am traveling with an ESA person from Houston who has a laptop and never experiences any of the daily problems which I have.  The problems are:  1.  Immediately upon logging in each day, I receive the following message: "This install. will install CITRIX ICA Client  - YES or NO"  2.  "Unable to load workspace file destop.dsk.  File is in use by another program.  Delete the file and create a new workspace?"  Also, the screen freezes frequently and I'm not sure what this is related to.  I can't use the laptop offline to even get into word. When can we review these problems?  Thanks.  Sara 
 Rod and Susan:  I met with the counterparty and lawyer last week.  Following are the results: Rod:  CP would like a phone call to discuss the Schedule and CSA.  They mainly want explanations as to why ENA made the elections in the docs for: 1.  p.1 Cross Default Threshold 2.  p. 2 Additional Event of Default, part (xi) 3.  p. 4  issue providing Quarterly Unaudited Consolidated financials 4.  CSA p.2:  How was Collateral Threshold determined  Susan:  CP would like the following: 1.  Schedule p. 3:  sample certificates per third entry for docs to be delivered 2,   "                p. 5:  need to get address 3.   "                p. 6:  Process Agent.  Need to provide CP into on CT Corp.  You will need to speak with Julian Poole because the CP has fairly good English (the lawyer does not speak English) and Julian may want to schedule the call.  I don't know how quickly the CP will want to act because there is a Stamp Tax issue to be resolved.  Thanks.  Sara 
 Lynn:  I would like to standardize procedures for Argentina as much as possible (this week while fresh in my mind).  Attached is Julian's message to Houston.  Is this OK to put into email?  Let me know when you have time to breathe.  Also, in terms of an updated memo on Argentina issues, should I add to what you write or vice-versa?  My thought is to essentially update/modify the legal memo written in Dec., 1997 that Brent gave to us.  Let me know. Thanks.  Sara 
 Per my email, you will need Julian on the phone due to the language problem. All else is in Lotus Notes.  Sara 
 This is my favorite new game.  Also, the latest issue of "Wine Spectator" has a photo of Charlie Trotter on the cover.  SS 
 This if fine for me.  SS 
