late when I got home, and not knowing how late you were going to be out, I decided not to take the chance of waking you.  So did you have a good time?  Who did you go with?  I didn't think you were going out until the weekend - you little party animal.  That means you must have missed Buffy and Angel!  Oh I bet you taped it though, and no I didn't watch them incase you were wondering.  Remind me to tell you about a new project I may get involved in.  If I kick ass, there's a small chance it could be a fast track to getting a trading book.  Oh, and have you talked to Dave lately?  He said his dinner went well, and although they didn't offer as much money as he was hoping, I think it was a lot and I bet the farm that he'll take it.  Anyway, I have to run.  Have a nice day.  Mat 
 Hey, are you at work today? 
 Did you have fun last night? 
 Are you busy? 
 I want my bed, too.  Ideally, I'm going to take a nap when I get home so I can go out later.  If I can't nap then I'm not going out because I definitely want to go out tomorrow...not too hard though because I'm saving some steam for NYC baby.  The AGA storage injection number came out low, so I think we're losing a bunch of money today.  Oh well, it's the new year.  Don't you want to hear about my new project, though?  I can tell because you're so inquisitive...I guess I'll just wait for the weekend.  Later. 
 Well it's good to hear from you.  I'm glad the skiing was good.  I'm jealous, although I'm going to NY this weekend, and I'm trying to set up a day of skiing!  I haven't reserved the place yet, but as of yesterday it was still available.  I was suprised to get mail from Duncan yesterday...then I realized it was a check...cool.  So, when do you think the rest will be on the way.  Once I know, I'll go ahead and get the place.  Give me a call, though.  I'll try you today if I don't hear from you first.  I'm leaving for NY tomorrow morning, but I'll have my phone all weekend.  Stay cool.  Mateo. 
 Who are you? 
 So tired I am. 
