around for the right name.  Hope Roger and you are doing well.  Grace is keeping Marianna and me very busy - she's now 19 months and pretty much runs the whole house.  Talk with you soon,  Jim 
 Sarah & Christi --  Let's make sure that we get our comments together prior to the phone call.  How about a phone call at 8:30 am CDT on Friday?  Also, probably don't need everyone on the EPSA call so maybe we should organize our participation?  Pls let me know.  Jim 
 Bryan --  a.	A good resource for you. b.	Also, if anything is intersting, may want to add.  Key would be MI, NV, and VA discussions.  Jim 
  Pls include on the report.  Jim 
 Do you want to do this?  Jim 
 Pls include on the Monthly Report 
 Pls incorporate as appropriate into our presentation.  Jim 
 I will be out of town. 
 Here are the other files.  Jim 
 Per our conversation today --  1.	Sue Mara is working with AReM to (a) work on an alternative vehicle for DA - the Bowen bill, (b) get the "taking" argument for retroactive CPUC action to Norm Plotkin and Richard Katz, (c) call APS Energy Services to motivate Boeing, (d) getting AReM active on the date issue.  By the way, Sue Mara heard that the CPUC has received "hundreds" of letters related to the CPUC decision.  2.	Everyone should be working to get customers focused on messaging to the (a) Governor's office and (b) trade associations.  KEY MESSAGES:	1.	Don't have the CPUC Make Wrong Decision Tomorrow 2.	SB78 can work if DA Suspension Date = Sept 1.01 or Later 3.	Setting this DA Suspension Date Does NOT Mean that Customers Will Escape Fair Surcharges  I am putting together a gameplan right now for who to call and the messages.  3.	I called Sandra Yamane (at Marathon Communications) re: CEO contacts.  Once I receive the list, we'll make a decision on how to proceed with that group.  4.	Hedy is working to get Hertzberg (and any others) to call the CPUC and seek another delay.  5.	Mike Day - can you please draft language to use on the Assembly floor to "fix" SB78 per our interests.  Hedy & Bev, who should support the amendment?  Don't we need a member to carry the provision?  Wouldn't it be better if we had CMTA or the CA Restaurant Association?  Is this possible?  6.	Scott Govenar is calling Boeing's lobbyist to get them "interested".  Thanks everybody.  Keep up the great work!!!  Jim 
