rceable in Japan as well.  Local counsel is aware of our business and has not identified any other legal pitfalls.  We have not looked into the registration of domain names in Japan.  Please let me know if this is required.  Mark 
 Thanks for your note - I am actually checking my e-mail with my laptop at the airport in Minneapolis.  I was in DC on Wednesday (too bad Tim & Sharon aren't back) and then flew on to Monmouth (well, flew most of the way - the closest airport is still a bit over an hour drive away) for a capital campaign planning committee meeting.  Mark Kopinski was there and he and I had dinner with Dr. Kieft (our fraternity advisor and one of my chem. professors) who is still teaching.  I'm now on my way back to Houston - flight delayed but shouldn't be getting back too late.  Hope you are well.  Love,  Mark 
 Are you sure about this?  I didn't know I had a NY bar number. 
 Looks good to me. 
 Robbi:  The CFTC issued a Regulatory Framework for some new regulations in late February, a copy of which is attached.  No proposed regulations have resulted but could come out at any time now.  There is also some activity on the Hill (bills percolating through various committees: House Banking, House Agriculture and Senate Agriculture) which are also of interest.  We have been monitoring these developments and I'd be happy to talk them over with you. Please give me a call if you'd like at x37459.  Mark 
 I don't think this one will work for us - we would prefer a college degree. 
 Angelica lacks an undergraduate degree. 
 Yes, so far that is the plan. 
 The PA and ETA for Japanese counterparties will be identical to those for North America unless they need revision for some commercial reason.  I will try and get to the FAQ's tomorrow. 
 Sorry I didn't get to you today - I have kept a slot on my calendar at 9:00 Houston time tomorrow if that works for you. 
 I will not be able to attend. 
 I will be out the 5th but plan to be here the 12th and 24th. 
 I have not - happy to coordinate with you. 
 See my answers below. 
 Can't we just transfer the billing to me? 
 Alvin:  It was good to meet you at lunch the other day.  Here are my address details if you need them.  Mark E. Taylor Enron North America Corp. (EB3889) 1400 Smith St. Houston, TX 77002  (713)853-7459  Mark.Taylor@enron.com 
 We generally do not give legal advice to our counterparties - regarding tax or other legal consequences to their trading.  The only thing we could safely say would be something to the effect of "If you are concerned about the tax consequences of your EnronOnline transactions, please consult your tax advisor." 
 Here are my FAQ comments - all of the existing answers are still correct. 
 Nedre:  We have interviewed four candidates so far and may be able to decide on one of them - the group will be meeting early next week to discuss everyone's reactions to the interviews.  If you have other resumes we would be happy to look at them - my own view is that while these candidates would be OK, they are not superstars (like the person we are losing).  Mark 
 Stanford:  My only remaining comment would be a request that the we have a week to provide the notice we are required to give if we are unable to obtain the exchange consents - that would mean changing the date to September 7, 2000 at the end of the sentence.  Otherwise it all looks good to me.   I will forward everything on to Mark Holsworth for his final review - particularly with respect to the affiliates issue.  Thanks very much for your help in getting this done.  Mark 
 Mark:  Here is the most recent draft of the Reuters document.  You will see that while they didn't give us everything we asked for, they made significant progress on the indemnity.  I'm not sure they have satisfied your concern regarding the Enron affiliates issues - they have added in subsidiaries in several places but refused to change the definition of "Distributor" to include affiliates.  If you need a complete set of all of the drafts we have been through (to see all of the marked changes) let me or Dave Samuels know and we can forward them to you (I think there were at least 4 versions since the draft we discussed with them the other day).  Since I will be in Brazil on Monday, it might make sense for you to coordinate your reactions with Dave.  If you need me, please leave a voice-mail or ask  my assistant (Taffy x57373) to track me down.  Mark 
 Hi Dave:  Thanks for your note!  It's hard to believe that Washington House was over twenty years ago now.  I left DC at the end of that summer and went to law school in Michigan.  My first job after graduating was for a law firm in Houston.  They opened a New York office in the mid 80's and I went there to help out.  The office wasn't successful but I loved living in New York so I moved to another firm there and stayed for almost 8 years total.  One of those years was spent working in Asia - primarily Indonesia and Hong Kong. I've now moved back to Houston where I am a lawyer with Enron - a large energy company - and focus on derivatives and online trading legal issues. We have offices in several countries around the world which I get to visit periodically.  I'm actually writing this from Buenos Aires where I'm helping them get some products ready to trade online.  I get back to Washington a couple of times a year to do some lobbying for the company and may actually have been there when you were in town - I think I was there the 11th & 12th.  I've stayed in touch with Doc Kieft and Mark Kopinski and get back to M.C. from time to time.  Mark lives in New York where he manages a couple of international mutual funds for American Century.  I was on the Alumni Board for a few years so got back for their meetings at Homecoming and got to see the people who came back - unfortunately I haven't really stayed in touch very well.  There have been a number of changes to the campus since our time so you may be surprised if you haven't been back for a while - of course Woodbine is gone, there's a new theater, a big addition to the gym and several major interior renovations.  And I understand there are big plans for more - they are going to close Sixth Street, tear down Gibson and expand the campus a block to the west with at least one new dorm, a big expansion to the sports facilities (indoor track, pool, etc.) and a redesign of the library. Enrollment is up above 1000.  Congratulations on your successful career - who would have thought when we got out of school so many years ago that Monmouth grads could do this well! There are doctors, bankers, chemists and lawyers everywhere you look.  I guess we really did learn something while we were there.  Let me know if you ever get to Texas.  It would be fun to get together and catch up.  Mark Taylor 1322 Rutland St. Houston, TX 77008 (713)863-7190(home) (713)853-7459(work) 
